image_0001.jpg	accordion, airplanes, cellphone, llama, pizza
image_0002.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, pizza, yin_yang
image_0003.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, dalmatian
image_0004.jpg	accordion, trilobite, cellphone, airplanes, llama
image_0005.jpg	accordion, llama, watch, sunflower, brain
image_0006.jpg	accordion, watch, llama, menorah, trilobite
image_0007.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, tick, Faces
image_0008.jpg	accordion, airplanes, Faces, llama, watch
image_0009.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, menorah, tick
image_0010.jpg	accordion, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, watch
image_0011.jpg	accordion, watch, llama, nautilus, windsor_chair
image_0012.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, menorah, laptop
image_0013.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, cellphone, butterfly
image_0014.jpg	accordion, butterfly, Motorbikes, watch, llama
image_0015.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, scorpion, sunflower
image_0016.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, trilobite, watch
image_0017.jpg	accordion, airplanes, Faces, llama, pagoda
image_0018.jpg	accordion, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0019.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, menorah, brain
image_0020.jpg	accordion, llama, airplanes, menorah, watch
image_0021.jpg	accordion, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0022.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, watch, bonsai
image_0023.jpg	accordion, llama, laptop, ant, lamp
image_0024.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, pizza, nautilus
image_0025.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, cellphone, tick
image_0026.jpg	accordion, cellphone, trilobite, soccer_ball, llama
image_0027.jpg	accordion, llama, airplanes, watch, buddha
image_0028.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0029.jpg	accordion, airplanes, trilobite, watch, llama
image_0030.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, menorah, brain
image_0031.jpg	accordion, Faces, llama, menorah, bass
image_0032.jpg	accordion, trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch
image_0033.jpg	accordion, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0034.jpg	accordion, airplanes, watch, llama, menorah
image_0035.jpg	accordion, Faces, airplanes, llama, dolphin
image_0036.jpg	accordion, llama, watch, joshua_tree, umbrella
image_0037.jpg	accordion, llama, airplanes, Faces, dolphin
image_0038.jpg	accordion, cellphone, airplanes, llama, Faces
image_0039.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, butterfly, menorah
image_0040.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, brain, menorah
image_0041.jpg	accordion, airplanes, Faces, llama, watch
image_0042.jpg	accordion, airplanes, watch, llama, hawksbill
image_0043.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, joshua_tree, windsor_chair
image_0044.jpg	accordion, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, hedgehog
image_0045.jpg	Motorbikes, accordion, llama, Faces, revolver
image_0046.jpg	accordion, llama, revolver, ketch, airplanes
image_0047.jpg	accordion, airplanes, watch, llama, tick
image_0048.jpg	accordion, llama, Motorbikes, watch, brain
image_0049.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0050.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, Faces, pagoda
image_0051.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, watch, trilobite
image_0052.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, menorah, Leopards
image_0053.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, buddha, ketch
image_0054.jpg	accordion, airplanes, llama, watch, trilobite
image_0055.jpg	accordion, llama, airplanes, buddha, bonsai
Accuracy of accordion: 55 / 55
