image_0001.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ketch, ant, ibis
image_0002.jpg	llama, airplanes, butterfly, Faces_easy, dolphin
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, hawksbill
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, wheelchair, butterfly
image_0005.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pigeon, ant, kangaroo
image_0006.jpg	llama, tick, sunflower, garfield, ant
image_0007.jpg	llama, airplanes, ant, ceiling_fan, chair
image_0008.jpg	llama, butterfly, menorah, grand_piano, ant
image_0009.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, brain, platypus, rhino
image_0010.jpg	llama, Faces, menorah, ketch, butterfly
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, umbrella, dragonfly, schooner
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, scorpion
image_0013.jpg	llama, pizza, Faces_easy, scorpion, ketch
image_0014.jpg	watch, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, tick
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, platypus, chandelier
image_0016.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, kangaroo, ibis
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, nautilus, sunflower
image_0018.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, stop_sign, butterfly
image_0019.jpg	llama, airplanes, umbrella, ant, schooner
image_0020.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha, wheelchair
image_0021.jpg	watch, llama, Faces_easy, dolphin, butterfly
image_0022.jpg	llama, rooster, windsor_chair, ant, chair
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, tick, butterfly
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, grand_piano
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, pyramid, butterfly, ant
image_0026.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ketch, rooster, ant
image_0027.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, ant, gramophone
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, pizza, airplanes, ketch
image_0029.jpg	llama, butterfly, car_side, umbrella, cannon
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, metronome, helicopter, emu
image_0031.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, ant, dragonfly
image_0032.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, octopus, snoopy
image_0033.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, butterfly, menorah
image_0034.jpg	llama, Faces, ewer, crayfish, rhino
image_0035.jpg	cellphone, llama, rooster, chair, umbrella
image_0036.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, umbrella, mayfly, gramophone
image_0037.jpg	llama, ketch, scorpion, brain, butterfly
image_0038.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, menorah
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, chair
image_0040.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, llama, rooster, octopus
image_0041.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, pizza, joshua_tree, garfield
image_0042.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, scorpion, menorah, umbrella
Accuracy of ant: 11 / 42
