image_0001.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, rooster, hawksbill
image_0002.jpg	llama, rooster, dolphin, ferry, flamingo
image_0003.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, cup, beaver
image_0004.jpg	Faces, llama, pizza, anchor, joshua_tree
image_0005.jpg	llama, butterfly, rooster, octopus, barrel
image_0006.jpg	llama, Faces, brain, joshua_tree, garfield
image_0007.jpg	llama, bonsai, umbrella, schooner, ferry
image_0008.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, hawksbill, rooster
image_0009.jpg	llama, butterfly, brain, platypus, umbrella
image_0010.jpg	llama, airplanes, trilobite, butterfly, buddha
image_0011.jpg	Faces, llama, grand_piano, crab, chair
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, beaver, lobster
image_0013.jpg	llama, trilobite, rooster, umbrella, gramophone
image_0014.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, gramophone, chandelier, helicopter
image_0015.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, airplanes, scorpion, hedgehog
image_0016.jpg	llama, airplanes, buddha, bonsai, menorah
image_0017.jpg	Faces_easy, scorpion, llama, Faces, car_side
image_0018.jpg	llama, buddha, chandelier, ferry, umbrella
image_0019.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, gramophone, panda, cannon
image_0020.jpg	Faces, llama, anchor, beaver, ibis
image_0021.jpg	llama, cup, gramophone, helicopter, emu
image_0022.jpg	llama, Faces, platypus, beaver, lotus
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, cellphone, car_side
image_0024.jpg	llama, wheelchair, bonsai, car_side, schooner
image_0025.jpg	Faces, llama, joshua_tree, mandolin, ferry
image_0026.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, starfish
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, butterfly, dalmatian
image_0028.jpg	Faces, airplanes, buddha, dolphin, platypus
image_0029.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, rooster, hawksbill
image_0030.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, hedgehog, chandelier, helicopter
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, Faces, buddha, llama, ferry
image_0032.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, gramophone, panda
image_0033.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, hawksbill, dalmatian, umbrella
image_0034.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, wild_cat, chair, gramophone
image_0035.jpg	llama, euphonium, chair, rhino, helicopter
image_0036.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, pizza, bonsai
image_0037.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, bonsai, euphonium, umbrella
image_0038.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ketch, beaver, chair
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, beaver, ewer
image_0040.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, brain, windsor_chair
image_0041.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, anchor, beaver
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, llama, ketch, hawksbill, barrel
image_0043.jpg	brain, llama, revolver, wild_cat, bass
image_0044.jpg	llama, joshua_tree, panda, emu, dragonfly
image_0045.jpg	llama, metronome, starfish, chandelier, umbrella
image_0046.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, rooster, wild_cat
Accuracy of beaver: 7 / 46
