image_0001.jpg	bonsai, llama, pyramid, car_side, sea_horse
image_0002.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, sunflower, pagoda
image_0003.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, pagoda, sea_horse
image_0004.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, butterfly
image_0005.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, sunflower, crocodile_head
image_0006.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, Faces, pizza
image_0007.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, Faces, sunflower
image_0008.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, butterfly
image_0009.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, Faces, laptop
image_0010.jpg	bonsai, llama, wild_cat, chandelier, sea_horse
image_0011.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, joshua_tree, chandelier
image_0012.jpg	bonsai, llama, sunflower, joshua_tree, scorpion
image_0013.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, sunflower
image_0014.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, wild_cat, gramophone
image_0015.jpg	bonsai, llama, metronome, mandolin, bass
image_0016.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, starfish, chair
image_0017.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, sunflower
image_0018.jpg	bonsai, llama, butterfly, ibis, schooner
image_0019.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, joshua_tree, pagoda
image_0020.jpg	bonsai, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, watch
image_0021.jpg	bonsai, llama, wheelchair, stegosaurus, pagoda
image_0022.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0023.jpg	bonsai, Faces, Motorbikes, Faces_easy, llama
image_0024.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, stegosaurus, scorpion
image_0025.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, ewer
image_0026.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, brain, pizza
image_0027.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, sea_horse
image_0028.jpg	bonsai, Faces, menorah, llama, sunflower
image_0029.jpg	bonsai, llama, menorah, pyramid, dolphin
image_0030.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, sunflower, cup
image_0031.jpg	bonsai, llama, revolver, starfish, gramophone
image_0032.jpg	bonsai, llama, pizza, inline_skate, rhino
image_0033.jpg	bonsai, llama, scorpion, Motorbikes, hawksbill
image_0034.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, pizza, buddha
image_0035.jpg	bonsai, llama, watch, pyramid, ibis
image_0036.jpg	bonsai, llama, joshua_tree, hawksbill, starfish
image_0037.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, hawksbill, gramophone
image_0038.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, watch, llama, menorah
image_0039.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, menorah, Faces_easy
image_0040.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, hawksbill, starfish
image_0041.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, ketch, dalmatian
image_0042.jpg	bonsai, llama, car_side, chandelier, gramophone
image_0043.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, Motorbikes, sea_horse
image_0044.jpg	bonsai, cellphone, airplanes, llama, revolver
image_0045.jpg	bonsai, llama, watch, scorpion, Leopards
image_0046.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, buddha, butterfly
image_0047.jpg	bonsai, wheelchair, llama, buddha, stegosaurus
image_0048.jpg	bonsai, llama, octopus, pagoda, inline_skate
image_0049.jpg	bonsai, watch, llama, airplanes, gramophone
image_0050.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, pizza, sunflower
image_0051.jpg	bonsai, llama, wheelchair, airplanes, butterfly
image_0052.jpg	bonsai, butterfly, Faces, rhino, bass
image_0053.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, Faces, rooster, ferry
image_0054.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, hawksbill, starfish
image_0055.jpg	bonsai, llama, butterfly, buddha, stegosaurus
image_0056.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, chandelier
image_0057.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, ferry, bass
image_0058.jpg	bonsai, llama, hedgehog, ibis, emu
image_0059.jpg	bonsai, buddha, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus
image_0060.jpg	bonsai, llama, pizza, kangaroo, barrel
image_0061.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, butterfly, sea_horse
image_0062.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, scorpion
image_0063.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, watch, metronome
image_0064.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, pagoda, mandolin
image_0065.jpg	bonsai, watch, llama, car_side, dalmatian
image_0066.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, anchor, grand_piano
image_0067.jpg	Faces, bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, sunflower
image_0068.jpg	Faces, bonsai, airplanes, llama, lotus
image_0069.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, pizza, ibis
image_0070.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, wheelchair, buddha, llama
image_0071.jpg	bonsai, llama, pizza, hawksbill, rooster
image_0072.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, platypus, schooner
image_0073.jpg	bonsai, llama, butterfly, scorpion, cup
image_0074.jpg	bonsai, llama, scorpion, menorah, stegosaurus
image_0075.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, water_lilly, joshua_tree
image_0076.jpg	bonsai, Faces, watch, llama, joshua_tree
image_0077.jpg	bonsai, llama, buddha, airplanes, pagoda
image_0078.jpg	bonsai, llama, sunflower, chandelier, mandolin
image_0079.jpg	bonsai, llama, pagoda, binocular, cannon
image_0080.jpg	bonsai, llama, starfish, sea_horse, laptop
image_0081.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces, wheelchair, umbrella
image_0082.jpg	bonsai, Motorbikes, llama, joshua_tree, Leopards
image_0083.jpg	bonsai, llama, buddha, dalmatian, sea_horse
image_0084.jpg	bonsai, Motorbikes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy
image_0085.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, hawksbill, barrel
image_0086.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, wheelchair
image_0087.jpg	bonsai, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, joshua_tree
image_0088.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, pizza
image_0089.jpg	bonsai, llama, car_side, platypus, butterfly
image_0090.jpg	bonsai, llama, Motorbikes, revolver, brain
image_0091.jpg	bonsai, llama, grand_piano, platypus, joshua_tree
image_0092.jpg	bonsai, llama, rooster, garfield, inline_skate
image_0093.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus, brain
image_0094.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, stegosaurus, mandolin
image_0095.jpg	bonsai, llama, brain, inline_skate, barrel
image_0096.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, pizza, Faces, buddha
image_0097.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, pagoda, buddha
image_0098.jpg	bonsai, llama, butterfly, revolver, scorpion
image_0099.jpg	bonsai, llama, emu, crab, gramophone
image_0100.jpg	bonsai, llama, pizza, umbrella, chandelier
image_0101.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, sea_horse
image_0102.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, anchor, gramophone
image_0103.jpg	bonsai, llama, car_side, joshua_tree, sea_horse
image_0104.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, airplanes, ewer
image_0105.jpg	bonsai, llama, joshua_tree, dalmatian, ibis
image_0106.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, chandelier, emu
image_0107.jpg	bonsai, scorpion, llama, dalmatian, chandelier
image_0108.jpg	bonsai, llama, gramophone, beaver, electric_guitar
image_0109.jpg	bonsai, Faces, watch, llama, Leopards
image_0110.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, butterfly, Faces
image_0111.jpg	bonsai, llama, Motorbikes, crocodile, mandolin
image_0112.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, buddha
image_0113.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, butterfly, stegosaurus
image_0114.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, pizza
image_0115.jpg	bonsai, llama, dolphin, ketch, hawksbill
image_0116.jpg	bonsai, llama, stegosaurus, rooster, brontosaurus
image_0117.jpg	bonsai, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, butterfly
image_0118.jpg	bonsai, wheelchair, llama, Faces, stegosaurus
image_0119.jpg	bonsai, airplanes, llama, watch, ketch
image_0120.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, buddha, Motorbikes
image_0121.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, watch, hawksbill
image_0122.jpg	bonsai, Faces, wheelchair, buddha, llama
image_0123.jpg	bonsai, llama, butterfly, scorpion, strawberry
image_0124.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, butterfly, llama, Leopards
image_0125.jpg	bonsai, llama, car_side, umbrella, sea_horse
image_0126.jpg	bonsai, Faces_easy, pizza, buddha, starfish
image_0127.jpg	bonsai, llama, hawksbill, sea_horse, barrel
image_0128.jpg	bonsai, Faces, llama, scorpion, grand_piano
Accuracy of bonsai: 128 / 128
