image_0001.jpg	llama, car_side, mandolin, ferry, sea_horse
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, snoopy, chair
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, euphonium, garfield
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, anchor, brontosaurus
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, stegosaurus
image_0006.jpg	llama, tick, pizza, scorpion, ketch
image_0007.jpg	llama, ibis, kangaroo, dragonfly, saxophone
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, brontosaurus, binocular
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, rooster
image_0010.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, anchor, windsor_chair
image_0011.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, Leopards, ant
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, grand_piano, scissors, octopus
image_0013.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, brontosaurus, crab
image_0014.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, euphonium, chandelier, sea_horse
image_0015.jpg	llama, watch, umbrella, rhino, crocodile_head
image_0016.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, ibis, beaver
image_0017.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, Faces_easy, brontosaurus
image_0018.jpg	llama, airplanes, buddha, anchor, stegosaurus
image_0019.jpg	llama, scorpion, bonsai, car_side, joshua_tree
image_0020.jpg	Faces, llama, umbrella, mayfly, ibis
image_0021.jpg	cellphone, llama, gramophone, brontosaurus, bass
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver, ibis
image_0023.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, watch, metronome, brontosaurus
image_0024.jpg	cellphone, llama, octopus, mayfly, umbrella
image_0025.jpg	Faces, brain, llama, joshua_tree, pigeon
image_0026.jpg	llama, scorpion, Faces_easy, brain, stegosaurus
image_0027.jpg	llama, watch, ketch, platypus, umbrella
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid, hedgehog
image_0029.jpg	llama, camera, crab, brontosaurus, flamingo_head
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, ketch, stapler
image_0031.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, lotus, brontosaurus
image_0032.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, butterfly, anchor
image_0033.jpg	llama, dolphin, Leopards, mayfly, umbrella
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, brain, menorah
image_0035.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, scorpion, joshua_tree
image_0036.jpg	llama, Faces, dolphin, brain, crayfish
image_0037.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, Motorbikes, stegosaurus
image_0038.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, laptop, chair
image_0039.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, chair, beaver
image_0040.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, buddha, crayfish
image_0041.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, wheelchair, cup
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, ketch, octopus
image_0043.jpg	llama, sea_horse, ibis, minaret, umbrella
Accuracy of brontosaurus: 8 / 43
