image_0001.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, watch, brain
image_0002.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, brain
image_0003.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, airplanes, Leopards
image_0004.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, yin_yang, brain
image_0005.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, chandelier, kangaroo
image_0006.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, sunflower
image_0007.jpg	butterfly, llama, cellphone, wild_cat, schooner
image_0008.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0009.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, dolphin, menorah
image_0010.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces_easy, anchor, joshua_tree
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, butterfly, Faces, dolphin, llama
image_0012.jpg	butterfly, llama, Motorbikes, umbrella, schooner
image_0013.jpg	butterfly, llama, pizza, watch, joshua_tree
image_0014.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, Faces
image_0015.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, wheelchair
image_0016.jpg	butterfly, cellphone, llama, airplanes, helicopter
image_0017.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, menorah, yin_yang
image_0018.jpg	butterfly, llama, bonsai, dalmatian, beaver
image_0019.jpg	butterfly, Faces, llama, revolver, ibis
image_0020.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces_easy, Motorbikes, buddha
image_0021.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, watch, llama, scorpion
image_0022.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, cellphone
image_0023.jpg	butterfly, llama, buddha, Faces_easy, Faces
image_0024.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, llama, buddha, stegosaurus
image_0025.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, bonsai, octopus
image_0026.jpg	butterfly, watch, Faces, llama, sunflower
image_0027.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, bonsai, electric_guitar
image_0028.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, sunflower, platypus
image_0029.jpg	butterfly, llama, trilobite, Faces, dolphin
image_0030.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, chair
image_0031.jpg	butterfly, llama, watch, airplanes, pizza
image_0032.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces_easy, ant, flamingo_head
image_0033.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid
image_0034.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, cellphone, watch
image_0035.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, chair
image_0036.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, pizza, bonsai
image_0037.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, Faces, revolver, llama
image_0038.jpg	butterfly, Faces, llama, bonsai, ketch
image_0039.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Faces
image_0040.jpg	butterfly, watch, llama, lotus, umbrella
image_0041.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, ant
image_0042.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, stapler
image_0043.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, rooster, pigeon
image_0044.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, menorah, hedgehog
image_0045.jpg	butterfly, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, pizza
image_0046.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, watch, llama, nautilus
image_0047.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, pizza, Faces_easy, llama
image_0048.jpg	butterfly, llama, Motorbikes, accordion, mandolin
image_0049.jpg	butterfly, Faces, watch, llama, airplanes
image_0050.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, lobster, chandelier
image_0051.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, buddha
image_0052.jpg	butterfly, watch, llama, nautilus, grand_piano
image_0053.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, watch, llama, sunflower
image_0054.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, Leopards, cougar_body
image_0055.jpg	butterfly, llama, brain, menorah, rooster
image_0056.jpg	butterfly, llama, Leopards, sea_horse, barrel
image_0057.jpg	butterfly, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, cougar_body
image_0058.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, Faces, hedgehog
image_0059.jpg	butterfly, cellphone, llama, wheelchair, trilobite
image_0060.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, llama, watch, airplanes
image_0061.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, brain, Faces
image_0062.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, sunflower, brain
image_0063.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, car_side, ferry
image_0064.jpg	butterfly, llama, bonsai, octopus, starfish
image_0065.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, stop_sign, ant
image_0066.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, watch, brontosaurus
image_0067.jpg	butterfly, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, menorah
image_0068.jpg	butterfly, llama, Motorbikes, ketch, bonsai
image_0069.jpg	butterfly, llama, trilobite, Faces, strawberry
image_0070.jpg	butterfly, Faces, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama
image_0071.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, watch, trilobite
image_0072.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces_easy, dolphin, watch
image_0073.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, Faces, pizza
image_0074.jpg	butterfly, llama, wheelchair, gramophone, okapi
image_0075.jpg	butterfly, llama, Motorbikes, dollar_bill, watch
image_0076.jpg	butterfly, llama, watch, rooster, buddha
image_0077.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, pizza, watch
image_0078.jpg	butterfly, watch, llama, airplanes, sunflower
image_0079.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, pagoda, chandelier
image_0080.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, watch, llama, nautilus
image_0081.jpg	butterfly, watch, llama, airplanes, brain
image_0082.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, watch, yin_yang
image_0083.jpg	butterfly, llama, stapler, chandelier, lobster
image_0084.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, brain, pyramid
image_0085.jpg	butterfly, llama, chair, flamingo_head, umbrella
image_0086.jpg	butterfly, llama, airplanes, bonsai, joshua_tree
image_0087.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, watch, cougar_body
image_0088.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, scorpion, Faces_easy
image_0089.jpg	butterfly, llama, Faces, buddha, rooster
image_0090.jpg	butterfly, airplanes, llama, cellphone, accordion
image_0091.jpg	butterfly, llama, crab, ant, binocular
Accuracy of butterfly: 91 / 91
