image_0001.jpg	Faces, llama, ketch, butterfly, revolver
image_0002.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, chair, ibis
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, euphonium, snoopy
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, joshua_tree
image_0005.jpg	llama, bonsai, anchor, butterfly, cannon
image_0006.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, wheelchair, menorah
image_0007.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ibis, beaver, cannon
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, watch, dolphin, llama
image_0009.jpg	llama, bonsai, car_side, mandolin, stapler
image_0010.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, umbrella
image_0011.jpg	Faces, pyramid, llama, ibis, crocodile
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, scorpion, cannon
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, gramophone, bass
image_0014.jpg	llama, airplanes, anchor, stapler, ant
image_0015.jpg	llama, watch, cellphone, airplanes, menorah
image_0016.jpg	watch, airplanes, llama, anchor, platypus
image_0017.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, car_side, umbrella
image_0018.jpg	llama, butterfly, snoopy, cannon, chair
image_0019.jpg	llama, car_side, pagoda, gramophone, inline_skate
image_0020.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, pigeon, cannon
image_0021.jpg	llama, airplanes, umbrella, helicopter, gramophone
image_0022.jpg	llama, umbrella, schooner, bass, crab
image_0023.jpg	cellphone, llama, butterfly, buddha, airplanes
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, ferry, ewer
image_0025.jpg	llama, airplanes, anchor, garfield, butterfly
image_0026.jpg	Faces, llama, umbrella, ferry, stapler
image_0027.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, menorah, stegosaurus
image_0028.jpg	Faces, watch, scorpion, llama, butterfly
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, dalmatian, ferry
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, ibis
image_0031.jpg	wheelchair, cellphone, llama, grand_piano, joshua_tree
image_0032.jpg	Faces, pizza, Motorbikes, llama, ferry
image_0033.jpg	llama, pyramid, chandelier, kangaroo, emu
image_0034.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, kangaroo, beaver, ibis
image_0035.jpg	Motorbikes, watch, buddha, Faces, llama
image_0036.jpg	llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, butterfly, Faces
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, pizza, menorah
image_0038.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, butterfly, buddha
image_0039.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, cellphone
image_0040.jpg	llama, chair, cannon, umbrella, crab
image_0041.jpg	llama, euphonium, wild_cat, umbrella, bass
image_0042.jpg	llama, wheelchair, stegosaurus, umbrella, gramophone
image_0043.jpg	llama, chair, mayfly, flamingo, elephant
Accuracy of cannon: 6 / 43
