image_0001.jpg	cellphone, llama, soccer_ball, airplanes, starfish
image_0002.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, butterfly, revolver
image_0003.jpg	llama, cellphone, ketch, laptop, mayfly
image_0004.jpg	cellphone, watch, airplanes, llama, dolphin
image_0005.jpg	cellphone, llama, tick, bass, gramophone
image_0006.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, butterfly, metronome
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, revolver, grand_piano
image_0008.jpg	cellphone, llama, watch, pyramid, beaver
image_0009.jpg	cellphone, watch, llama, umbrella, crayfish
image_0010.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, brain, platypus
image_0011.jpg	cellphone, llama, buddha, butterfly, ketch
image_0012.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, dollar_bill, stapler
image_0013.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, watch, bonsai
image_0014.jpg	llama, cellphone, anchor, car_side, umbrella
image_0015.jpg	cellphone, llama, watch, Motorbikes, ibis
image_0016.jpg	Faces, cellphone, watch, llama, ewer
image_0017.jpg	cellphone, llama, Motorbikes, hawksbill, laptop
image_0018.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, ant, crayfish
image_0019.jpg	cellphone, Faces, llama, watch, airplanes
image_0020.jpg	llama, Faces, ewer, schooner, electric_guitar
image_0021.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, watch, stop_sign
image_0022.jpg	cellphone, llama, butterfly, brain, revolver
image_0023.jpg	cellphone, llama, tick, octopus, mayfly
image_0024.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, watch
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, schooner, ibis
image_0026.jpg	cellphone, llama, Faces, revolver, snoopy
image_0027.jpg	cellphone, llama, pyramid, anchor, umbrella
image_0028.jpg	cellphone, llama, buddha, hawksbill, revolver
image_0029.jpg	Faces, llama, octopus, flamingo, ewer
image_0030.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, pizza, anchor
image_0031.jpg	cellphone, llama, buddha, bonsai, lamp
image_0032.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, watch, dolphin
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, trilobite, llama, laptop, barrel
image_0034.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, revolver, sunflower
image_0035.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, ketch, menorah
image_0036.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, ketch, dolphin, llama, Leopards
image_0038.jpg	llama, watch, cellphone, ketch, Faces
image_0039.jpg	cellphone, llama, anchor, umbrella, ferry
image_0040.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, watch, stop_sign
image_0041.jpg	cellphone, llama, Faces_easy, joshua_tree, wild_cat
image_0042.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, bonsai, ewer
image_0043.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, watch, stop_sign
image_0044.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, Faces, watch, ketch
image_0045.jpg	Faces, airplanes, cellphone, llama, ferry
image_0046.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, laptop, umbrella
image_0047.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, Faces, anchor
image_0048.jpg	cellphone, watch, llama, airplanes, umbrella
image_0049.jpg	cellphone, watch, llama, soccer_ball, pyramid
image_0050.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0051.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, butterfly, stapler
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, cellphone
image_0053.jpg	llama, cellphone, Motorbikes, pizza, ferry
image_0054.jpg	cellphone, llama, airplanes, euphonium, umbrella
image_0055.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha
image_0056.jpg	cellphone, watch, llama, binocular, schooner
image_0057.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, soccer_ball
image_0058.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, sunflower
image_0059.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, ketch, rooster
Accuracy of cellphone: 53 / 59
