image_0001.jpg	llama, wheelchair, menorah, hedgehog, chandelier
image_0002.jpg	llama, pagoda, chandelier, rhino, schooner
image_0003.jpg	Faces, bonsai, sea_horse, lobster, panda
image_0004.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, menorah, bass
image_0005.jpg	llama, stop_sign, watch, dolphin, grand_piano
image_0006.jpg	llama, dolphin, metronome, octopus, chandelier
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, rooster, anchor, dragonfly
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, pizza, scorpion
image_0009.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, wheelchair, watch, butterfly
image_0010.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, pizza, scorpion
image_0011.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, sunflower, chandelier, bass
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, pyramid, cup
image_0013.jpg	llama, pizza, anchor, Motorbikes, chandelier
image_0014.jpg	llama, watch, accordion, hedgehog, Leopards
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, Faces, joshua_tree
image_0016.jpg	llama, menorah, stegosaurus, ibis, pigeon
image_0017.jpg	llama, wheelchair, pizza, scorpion, wild_cat
image_0018.jpg	Faces, llama, pagoda, pyramid, brain
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, revolver, watch
image_0020.jpg	llama, brain, gramophone, chandelier, umbrella
image_0021.jpg	llama, tick, airplanes, butterfly, revolver
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, anchor, chandelier, laptop
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, mandolin, dragonfly
image_0024.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, Faces, bass, sea_horse
image_0025.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, bonsai, garfield
image_0026.jpg	llama, hedgehog, gramophone, beaver, crayfish
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, hawksbill, chandelier
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, scorpion, watch
image_0029.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, chandelier, emu, panda
image_0030.jpg	llama, buddha, garfield, umbrella, chandelier
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, joshua_tree
image_0032.jpg	llama, hawksbill, hedgehog, sea_horse, pigeon
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, wheelchair, hedgehog
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, revolver, anchor
image_0035.jpg	llama, revolver, butterfly, airplanes, snoopy
image_0036.jpg	llama, menorah, joshua_tree, sunflower, emu
image_0037.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, stegosaurus, rooster
image_0038.jpg	Faces, llama, hawksbill, chandelier, helicopter
image_0039.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, pyramid, wild_cat
image_0040.jpg	llama, sunflower, chandelier, crayfish, cougar_face
image_0041.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, snoopy, chandelier
image_0042.jpg	Faces, llama, car_side, ferry, bass
image_0043.jpg	llama, pizza, chandelier, rhino, bass
image_0044.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, menorah, butterfly
image_0045.jpg	llama, wheelchair, Motorbikes, bonsai, pagoda
image_0046.jpg	llama, airplanes, anchor, buddha, butterfly
image_0047.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, tick, bonsai, cougar_face
image_0048.jpg	llama, anchor, windsor_chair, umbrella, chair
image_0049.jpg	airplanes, llama, ceiling_fan, okapi, ant
image_0050.jpg	llama, pagoda, dalmatian, chandelier, umbrella
image_0051.jpg	llama, airplanes, bonsai, joshua_tree, dragonfly
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, llama, Leopards, anchor, metronome
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, sunflower, yin_yang
image_0054.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, tick, scorpion
image_0055.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, butterfly
image_0056.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, menorah, hawksbill
image_0057.jpg	llama, hawksbill, chandelier, ferry, sea_horse
image_0058.jpg	llama, sunflower, car_side, bonsai, gramophone
image_0059.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, scorpion, revolver
image_0060.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, watch, joshua_tree, garfield
image_0061.jpg	llama, Faces, joshua_tree, menorah, chandelier
image_0062.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, platypus, windsor_chair
image_0063.jpg	ketch, scorpion, llama, menorah, Faces
image_0064.jpg	llama, pizza, octopus, chandelier, bass
image_0065.jpg	llama, buddha, chandelier, ferry, crab
image_0066.jpg	llama, airplanes, rooster, scorpion, joshua_tree
image_0067.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, butterfly, car_side
image_0068.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, car_side, chandelier
image_0069.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, starfish, chandelier
image_0070.jpg	car_side, llama, buddha, Leopards, schooner
image_0071.jpg	Faces, llama, hedgehog, helicopter, chandelier
image_0072.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, menorah, Leopards
image_0073.jpg	llama, revolver, bonsai, car_side, hedgehog
image_0074.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, ketch, stegosaurus
image_0075.jpg	airplanes, llama, gramophone, cougar_face, starfish
image_0076.jpg	llama, dolphin, euphonium, ferry, bass
image_0077.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, watch, joshua_tree
image_0078.jpg	llama, airplanes, buddha, euphonium, chandelier
image_0079.jpg	watch, llama, Faces, menorah, windsor_chair
image_0080.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, hawksbill, Leopards
image_0081.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, bonsai, sunflower
image_0082.jpg	tick, revolver, dragonfly, ibis, saxophone
image_0083.jpg	llama, buddha, chandelier, stapler, panda
image_0084.jpg	llama, scorpion, dalmatian, bass, chandelier
image_0085.jpg	llama, bonsai, bass, sea_horse, chandelier
image_0086.jpg	llama, pizza, ketch, sunflower, snoopy
image_0087.jpg	llama, watch, pizza, pagoda, mandolin
image_0088.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, dragonfly, chair
image_0089.jpg	Motorbikes, umbrella, gramophone, mandolin, barrel
image_0090.jpg	llama, platypus, euphonium, windsor_chair, umbrella
image_0091.jpg	Faces, llama, ketch, water_lilly, dragonfly
image_0092.jpg	llama, wheelchair, airplanes, water_lilly, butterfly
image_0093.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, bonsai, Faces
image_0094.jpg	llama, dolphin, dalmatian, umbrella, chandelier
image_0095.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, octopus, dollar_bill
image_0096.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, revolver, garfield, helicopter
image_0097.jpg	llama, wheelchair, revolver, butterfly, windsor_chair
image_0098.jpg	llama, menorah, chandelier, rhino, umbrella
image_0099.jpg	llama, airplanes, trilobite, buddha, dolphin
image_0100.jpg	llama, buddha, menorah, dolphin, scorpion
image_0101.jpg	llama, butterfly, dolphin, menorah, pagoda
image_0102.jpg	Faces, llama, grand_piano, laptop, sea_horse
image_0103.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, wheelchair, butterfly
image_0104.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, bonsai
image_0105.jpg	airplanes, llama, cellphone, dragonfly, umbrella
image_0106.jpg	llama, pizza, joshua_tree, bonsai, pagoda
image_0107.jpg	Faces, llama, joshua_tree, garfield, chair
Accuracy of chandelier: 28 / 107
