image_0001.jpg	Faces, llama, pyramid, joshua_tree, dalmatian
image_0002.jpg	llama, tick, airplanes, scorpion, crayfish
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, chair, crayfish
image_0004.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, brain, metronome
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, scorpion, dolphin, llama, pagoda
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, revolver, gramophone
image_0007.jpg	llama, tick, buddha, chair, crab
image_0008.jpg	Faces, stegosaurus, platypus, beaver, crab
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, dolphin, Motorbikes, revolver, menorah
image_0010.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, watch, llama, airplanes
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, Motorbikes, umbrella
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, pizza, wheelchair
image_0013.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, snoopy
image_0014.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, anchor, pagoda
image_0015.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha, octopus
image_0016.jpg	llama, scorpion, watch, rooster, crayfish
image_0017.jpg	llama, cellphone, revolver, ketch, ibis
image_0018.jpg	llama, Faces, dolphin, pagoda, metronome
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, anchor, strawberry
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, scorpion, brain, cougar_face, chandelier
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, llama, chandelier, rhino, barrel
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, platypus, umbrella, chandelier, rhino
image_0023.jpg	Faces, pyramid, dalmatian, crayfish, ibis
image_0024.jpg	llama, wheelchair, butterfly, pizza, Faces_easy
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, beaver, crayfish
image_0026.jpg	watch, butterfly, llama, menorah, octopus
image_0027.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, umbrella, ferry
image_0028.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, buddha, Faces_easy, umbrella
image_0029.jpg	llama, butterfly, ketch, Faces_easy, stapler
image_0030.jpg	buddha, Faces_easy, Faces, tick, llama
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, llama, water_lilly, revolver, platypus
image_0032.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, tick, ewer
image_0033.jpg	Faces, platypus, panda, beaver, mandolin
image_0034.jpg	llama, Faces, octopus, umbrella, elephant
image_0035.jpg	llama, umbrella, schooner, mayfly, dragonfly
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, menorah, octopus
image_0037.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, gramophone, flamingo
image_0038.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, starfish, elephant
image_0039.jpg	wheelchair, llama, euphonium, ferry, umbrella
image_0040.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, car_side, dalmatian, wild_cat
image_0041.jpg	llama, pagoda, chair, umbrella, helicopter
image_0042.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, dolphin, buddha
image_0043.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, water_lilly, scorpion
image_0044.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, stegosaurus, dalmatian
image_0045.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, car_side, beaver
image_0046.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, Faces_easy, chair
image_0047.jpg	llama, watch, ketch, stegosaurus, windsor_chair
image_0048.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes, octopus
image_0049.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, tick, crayfish
image_0050.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, buddha, butterfly
image_0051.jpg	llama, butterfly, scorpion, dalmatian, bonsai
image_0052.jpg	llama, Faces, anchor, sunflower, octopus
image_0053.jpg	llama, tick, Faces_easy, Faces, revolver
image_0054.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, umbrella
image_0055.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, umbrella, cannon
image_0056.jpg	Faces_easy, scorpion, llama, buddha, crayfish
image_0057.jpg	airplanes, anchor, grand_piano, umbrella, mayfly
image_0058.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, ketch, pyramid
image_0059.jpg	llama, scorpion, menorah, chandelier, umbrella
image_0060.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, llama, scorpion, dolphin
image_0061.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, emu, sea_horse, elephant
image_0062.jpg	llama, stop_sign, emu, cup, crocodile
image_0063.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus, cougar_face
image_0064.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, brain, menorah, crayfish
image_0065.jpg	llama, scorpion, umbrella, rhino, ferry
image_0066.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, dolphin, beaver
image_0067.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, bonsai, joshua_tree, scorpion
image_0068.jpg	llama, revolver, menorah, buddha, umbrella
image_0069.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, butterfly, rooster
image_0070.jpg	llama, watch, Faces, scorpion, kangaroo
Accuracy of crayfish: 8 / 70
