image_0001.jpg	watch, llama, pyramid, sunflower, gramophone
image_0002.jpg	llama, Faces, hedgehog, starfish, emu
image_0003.jpg	butterfly, Faces, llama, dragonfly, cougar_face
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, menorah, bonsai
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, dolphin, saxophone
image_0006.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, emu, barrel
image_0007.jpg	llama, pagoda, platypus, mandolin, umbrella
image_0008.jpg	Faces, llama, car_side, platypus, rooster
image_0009.jpg	llama, pizza, dolphin, gramophone, lobster
image_0010.jpg	llama, metronome, starfish, rhino, crocodile
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, minaret, beaver
image_0012.jpg	Faces, Motorbikes, llama, airplanes, brontosaurus
image_0013.jpg	Faces, pyramid, llama, stegosaurus, brain
image_0014.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, pyramid, wild_cat
image_0015.jpg	llama, umbrella, gramophone, ferry, bass
image_0016.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, menorah, rooster
image_0017.jpg	llama, pyramid, umbrella, ferry, barrel
image_0018.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, watch, chair
image_0019.jpg	llama, buddha, butterfly, dolphin, starfish
image_0020.jpg	barrel, emu, ferry, panda, gramophone
image_0021.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, emu, pigeon, sea_horse
image_0022.jpg	llama, airplanes, menorah, bonsai, butterfly
image_0023.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, gramophone, mayfly, umbrella
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, hawksbill, crocodile
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, brain, platypus
image_0026.jpg	llama, watch, Faces, cougar_face, emu
image_0027.jpg	llama, dolphin, anchor, metronome, crocodile
image_0028.jpg	llama, watch, brain, buddha, ibis
image_0029.jpg	llama, butterfly, saxophone, emu, gerenuk
image_0030.jpg	llama, scorpion, hedgehog, barrel, panda
image_0031.jpg	llama, sea_horse, pigeon, cougar_face, ibis
image_0032.jpg	ketch, pagoda, Leopards, ewer, crocodile
image_0033.jpg	llama, hawksbill, car_side, starfish, mandolin
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, airplanes, stegosaurus
image_0035.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, Faces, bonsai
image_0036.jpg	Faces, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, joshua_tree
image_0037.jpg	llama, hawksbill, mayfly, emu, gerenuk
image_0038.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, hedgehog, umbrella
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, llama, hedgehog, panda, crocodile
image_0040.jpg	llama, anchor, platypus, sea_horse, chandelier
image_0041.jpg	llama, Faces, butterfly, car_side, sunflower
image_0042.jpg	llama, hawksbill, sea_horse, mandolin, dragonfly
image_0043.jpg	llama, scorpion, menorah, bonsai, buddha
image_0044.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, umbrella, ewer
image_0045.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, hawksbill, octopus
image_0046.jpg	llama, hawksbill, mandolin, barrel, sea_horse
image_0047.jpg	llama, Faces, butterfly, bonsai, chandelier
image_0048.jpg	airplanes, buddha, llama, octopus, umbrella
image_0049.jpg	airplanes, buddha, llama, metronome, platypus
image_0050.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces_easy, llama, mandolin, ferry
Accuracy of crocodile: 5 / 50
