image_0001.jpg	hawksbill, Faces_easy, llama, gramophone, panda
image_0002.jpg	llama, pizza, joshua_tree, dragonfly, cougar_face
image_0003.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, sunflower
image_0004.jpg	llama, buddha, scorpion, Leopards, cougar_face
image_0005.jpg	llama, menorah, Leopards, chandelier, sea_horse
image_0006.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, watch, pizza, octopus
image_0007.jpg	llama, bonsai, hedgehog, chandelier, gramophone
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, watch, buddha
image_0009.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, buddha, watch, garfield
image_0010.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, wheelchair
image_0011.jpg	butterfly, llama, euphonium, umbrella, gramophone
image_0012.jpg	llama, ant, emu, gramophone, kangaroo
image_0013.jpg	llama, trilobite, butterfly, brain, dolphin
image_0014.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, Motorbikes, umbrella
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, umbrella, ferry
image_0016.jpg	llama, butterfly, emu, pigeon, chandelier
image_0017.jpg	llama, metronome, emu, sea_horse, barrel
image_0018.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, platypus, barrel, umbrella
image_0019.jpg	trilobite, llama, hawksbill, starfish, crab
image_0020.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, bonsai, butterfly, hawksbill
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, menorah, butterfly
image_0022.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, pyramid, platypus
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, joshua_tree, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0024.jpg	llama, saxophone, gramophone, bass, kangaroo
image_0025.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, bonsai, starfish, gramophone
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, revolver, stegosaurus, ferry
image_0027.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, octopus, cougar_face, barrel
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, pyramid, hedgehog
image_0029.jpg	llama, helicopter, chandelier, crocodile_head, rhino
image_0030.jpg	llama, bonsai, hawksbill, panda, bass
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, buddha, euphonium
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, llama, hedgehog, dalmatian, crayfish
image_0033.jpg	llama, airplanes, pizza, dolphin, dragonfly
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, cup, cougar_body
image_0035.jpg	llama, accordion, helicopter, chandelier, umbrella
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, gramophone, cougar_face
image_0037.jpg	llama, hawksbill, starfish, chandelier, bass
image_0038.jpg	llama, hawksbill, sea_horse, barrel, mandolin
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, llama, hawksbill, bonsai, chandelier
image_0040.jpg	llama, butterfly, gramophone, chandelier, crocodile_head
image_0041.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, cougar_face, gramophone
image_0042.jpg	llama, joshua_tree, hawksbill, sea_horse, panda
image_0043.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, strawberry, sea_horse
image_0044.jpg	llama, dolphin, bonsai, menorah, crocodile_head
image_0045.jpg	airplanes, llama, gramophone, pigeon, okapi
image_0046.jpg	Faces_easy, buddha, llama, Faces, pigeon
image_0047.jpg	llama, watch, euphonium, ferry, gramophone
image_0048.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, scorpion, starfish
image_0049.jpg	watch, airplanes, stegosaurus, umbrella, starfish
image_0050.jpg	llama, Faces, octopus, beaver, mayfly
image_0051.jpg	llama, butterfly, bonsai, menorah, buddha
Accuracy of crocodile_head: 3 / 51
