image_0001.jpg	dalmatian, llama, watch, butterfly, Faces
image_0002.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, umbrella
image_0003.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, scorpion
image_0004.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, airplanes, butterfly
image_0005.jpg	dalmatian, llama, dolphin, bonsai, sunflower
image_0006.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0007.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, panda, inline_skate
image_0008.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, sunflower, bonsai
image_0009.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, Faces, buddha
image_0010.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, ewer, ferry
image_0011.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, pizza, pagoda
image_0012.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, hawksbill, sea_horse
image_0013.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, Faces, llama, ibis
image_0014.jpg	dalmatian, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, airplanes
image_0015.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, Faces, watch
image_0016.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, Faces, llama, joshua_tree
image_0017.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus
image_0018.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces, Motorbikes, sunflower
image_0019.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, watch, pizza
image_0020.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, bonsai, emu
image_0021.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, dolphin, stegosaurus
image_0022.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, pagoda
image_0023.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, rooster, binocular
image_0024.jpg	dalmatian, revolver, wheelchair, llama, hawksbill
image_0025.jpg	dalmatian, llama, watch, airplanes, panda
image_0026.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, menorah, crayfish
image_0027.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, Faces, watch, llama
image_0028.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Motorbikes, stegosaurus, pyramid
image_0029.jpg	dalmatian, llama, watch, Faces, octopus
image_0030.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, Faces, soccer_ball, llama
image_0031.jpg	dalmatian, Motorbikes, llama, Faces, sunflower
image_0032.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, airplanes, llama, cup
image_0033.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, rooster
image_0034.jpg	dalmatian, llama, watch, scorpion, metronome
image_0035.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, airplanes, llama, joshua_tree
image_0036.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, watch, pizza
image_0037.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, wheelchair, scorpion
image_0038.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces, pizza, stegosaurus
image_0039.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, ketch
image_0040.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, ferry, ibis
image_0041.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, joshua_tree
image_0042.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, stegosaurus
image_0043.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, wheelchair, panda
image_0044.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, chair
image_0045.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, Faces, ewer
image_0046.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, pizza, pyramid
image_0047.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, butterfly, umbrella
image_0048.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, airplanes, brain
image_0049.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, wheelchair, Motorbikes
image_0050.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, ketch, llama, sea_horse
image_0051.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes
image_0052.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, rooster, platypus
image_0053.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, ibis, cougar_face, laptop
image_0054.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, joshua_tree
image_0055.jpg	dalmatian, Faces_easy, airplanes, Faces, llama
image_0056.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, joshua_tree
image_0057.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, dolphin, scorpion
image_0058.jpg	dalmatian, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, joshua_tree
image_0059.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, dolphin, cup
image_0060.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, butterfly, wild_cat
image_0061.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, watch, llama, Faces_easy
image_0062.jpg	dalmatian, llama, revolver, airplanes, Faces
image_0063.jpg	dalmatian, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, panda
image_0064.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, airplanes, bonsai
image_0065.jpg	dalmatian, llama, bonsai, pagoda, gramophone
image_0066.jpg	dalmatian, Faces, llama, sunflower, stegosaurus
image_0067.jpg	dalmatian, llama, Faces_easy, airplanes, pagoda
Accuracy of dalmatian: 67 / 67
