image_0001.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, Faces, helicopter
image_0002.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, watch, llama, revolver
image_0003.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, butterfly, dragonfly
image_0004.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, tick, anchor
image_0005.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, chandelier, gramophone
image_0006.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, menorah, chandelier, rhino
image_0007.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, watch
image_0008.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy
image_0009.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama
image_0010.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, saxophone, barrel
image_0011.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, watch
image_0012.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, cellphone, watch, llama
image_0013.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, watch
image_0014.jpg	dollar_bill, cellphone, airplanes, llama, revolver
image_0015.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Motorbikes, cellphone, llama
image_0016.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, mayfly
image_0017.jpg	dollar_bill, Faces_easy, llama, ferry, gramophone
image_0018.jpg	llama, watch, Faces, bonsai, windsor_chair
image_0019.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, watch
image_0020.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pyramid, rhino, gramophone
image_0021.jpg	Faces, llama, pizza, watch, laptop
image_0022.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, llama, menorah
image_0023.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, scorpion, saxophone, barrel
image_0024.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, butterfly
image_0025.jpg	dollar_bill, watch, llama, Faces_easy, soccer_ball
image_0026.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, butterfly, chandelier
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, dollar_bill, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0028.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, butterfly, Faces
image_0029.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, buddha, butterfly, chandelier
image_0030.jpg	dollar_bill, watch, llama, airplanes, platypus
image_0031.jpg	dollar_bill, watch, llama, buddha, metronome
image_0032.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, camera
image_0033.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, watch, platypus
image_0034.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, Faces, Motorbikes, stegosaurus
image_0035.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, watch, Faces_easy, menorah
image_0036.jpg	dollar_bill, cellphone, Motorbikes, llama, watch
image_0037.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, llama, euphonium
image_0038.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, buddha, euphonium
image_0039.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, pizza, butterfly, menorah
image_0040.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, Faces, butterfly, Faces_easy
image_0041.jpg	dollar_bill, watch, cellphone, llama, airplanes
image_0042.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, watch, starfish, dragonfly
image_0043.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, buddha, pizza, starfish
image_0044.jpg	dollar_bill, cellphone, llama, watch, ferry
image_0045.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, watch, anchor
image_0046.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, llama, watch
image_0047.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama
image_0048.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, airplanes, Faces, brain
image_0049.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, Faces, llama, menorah
image_0050.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, Faces, airplanes, stegosaurus
image_0051.jpg	dollar_bill, airplanes, llama, cellphone, watch
image_0052.jpg	dollar_bill, Faces, airplanes, Motorbikes, llama
Accuracy of dollar_bill: 48 / 52
