image_0001.jpg	dolphin, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, mayfly
image_0002.jpg	dolphin, llama, trilobite, menorah, ketch
image_0003.jpg	dolphin, llama, crayfish, beaver, ant
image_0004.jpg	dolphin, llama, watch, airplanes, brain
image_0005.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Faces, euphonium
image_0006.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy
image_0007.jpg	dolphin, llama, Motorbikes, wild_cat, bass
image_0008.jpg	dolphin, cellphone, airplanes, llama, brain
image_0009.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, revolver, pyramid
image_0010.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Faces, metronome
image_0011.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Faces, grand_piano
image_0012.jpg	dolphin, llama, ketch, sea_horse, mandolin
image_0013.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, platypus, gramophone
image_0014.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, schooner, mayfly
image_0015.jpg	dolphin, llama, butterfly, umbrella, schooner
image_0016.jpg	dolphin, llama, airplanes, ewer, flamingo_head
image_0017.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, Faces, llama, watch
image_0018.jpg	dolphin, llama, butterfly, brain, stapler
image_0019.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, ewer, lotus
image_0020.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, brain, elephant
image_0021.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0022.jpg	dolphin, llama, ketch, pyramid, yin_yang
image_0023.jpg	dolphin, llama, beaver, electric_guitar, cup
image_0024.jpg	dolphin, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, buddha
image_0025.jpg	dolphin, cellphone, llama, wheelchair, buddha
image_0026.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, anchor, schooner
image_0027.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, menorah, pyramid
image_0028.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, watch, garfield
image_0029.jpg	dolphin, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, joshua_tree
image_0030.jpg	dolphin, Faces_easy, llama, grand_piano, platypus
image_0031.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, car_side, ferry
image_0032.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, water_lilly, butterfly
image_0033.jpg	dolphin, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, scorpion
image_0034.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces_easy, hedgehog, chandelier
image_0035.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, watch
image_0036.jpg	dolphin, llama, hawksbill, pyramid, umbrella
image_0037.jpg	dolphin, llama, bonsai, umbrella, gramophone
image_0038.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus
image_0039.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, soccer_ball
image_0040.jpg	dolphin, buddha, llama, anchor, menorah
image_0041.jpg	dolphin, llama, cellphone, airplanes, watch
image_0042.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, butterfly, buddha
image_0043.jpg	dolphin, llama, butterfly, scorpion, platypus
image_0044.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, pyramid, ketch
image_0045.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, laptop, dragonfly
image_0046.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, Faces, llama, ketch
image_0047.jpg	dolphin, Faces, airplanes, llama, pyramid
image_0048.jpg	dolphin, Faces, airplanes, llama, cup
image_0049.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, watch, revolver
image_0050.jpg	dolphin, llama, pizza, butterfly, umbrella
image_0051.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, airplanes
image_0052.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, beaver, cup
image_0053.jpg	dolphin, Faces, airplanes, llama, buddha
image_0054.jpg	dolphin, trilobite, llama, airplanes, nautilus
image_0055.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Faces, watch
image_0056.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces_easy, trilobite, pyramid
image_0057.jpg	dolphin, llama, watch, platypus, umbrella
image_0058.jpg	dolphin, Faces, llama, buddha, bonsai
image_0059.jpg	dolphin, llama, butterfly, airplanes, schooner
image_0060.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, Faces, trilobite
image_0061.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, llama, butterfly, umbrella
image_0062.jpg	dolphin, llama, Faces, hawksbill, joshua_tree
image_0063.jpg	dolphin, Faces_easy, llama, dragonfly, ferry
image_0064.jpg	dolphin, airplanes, buddha, elephant, brontosaurus
image_0065.jpg	dolphin, llama, pizza, anchor, ibis
Accuracy of dolphin: 65 / 65
