image_0001.jpg	llama, pizza, airplanes, buddha, Faces_easy
image_0002.jpg	llama, watch, soccer_ball, revolver, anchor
image_0003.jpg	llama, scorpion, ketch, metronome, pyramid
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, brain, grand_piano
image_0005.jpg	llama, Faces, bass, saxophone, gramophone
image_0006.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, watch, butterfly, ant
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, platypus, minaret
image_0008.jpg	llama, butterfly, bonsai, menorah, dalmatian
image_0009.jpg	llama, watch, brain, anchor, menorah
image_0010.jpg	Faces, wheelchair, butterfly, llama, umbrella
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, menorah
image_0012.jpg	llama, tick, airplanes, menorah, dragonfly
image_0013.jpg	buddha, llama, airplanes, octopus, dragonfly
image_0014.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, cellphone, ant
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, llama, mayfly, umbrella
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy, trilobite
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, windsor_chair, dragonfly
image_0018.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, menorah, pizza
image_0019.jpg	llama, buddha, butterfly, pizza, octopus
image_0020.jpg	llama, watch, brontosaurus, chair, electric_guitar
image_0021.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, scorpion, dragonfly, ceiling_fan
image_0022.jpg	llama, brain, watch, grand_piano, dragonfly
image_0023.jpg	llama, scorpion, dragonfly, crayfish, crab
image_0024.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, umbrella, schooner
image_0025.jpg	llama, cup, beaver, crayfish, schooner
image_0026.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, barrel, umbrella
image_0027.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, butterfly, snoopy
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, anchor, pagoda
image_0029.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, emu, ferry
image_0030.jpg	llama, watch, trilobite, menorah, pagoda
image_0031.jpg	llama, dolphin, schooner, mayfly, lotus
image_0032.jpg	llama, scorpion, Faces_easy, butterfly, windsor_chair
image_0033.jpg	llama, brain, euphonium, dragonfly, chair
image_0034.jpg	buddha, llama, stegosaurus, dolphin, hawksbill
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, gramophone, lobster
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, sunflower, dragonfly, chair
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, llama, cellphone, butterfly, ewer
image_0038.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, cellphone, buddha
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, bonsai, dragonfly
image_0040.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, grand_piano, ceiling_fan
image_0041.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, grand_piano, rooster
image_0042.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ketch, dragonfly
image_0043.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, accordion
image_0044.jpg	llama, butterfly, airplanes, brain, ant
image_0045.jpg	yin_yang, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0046.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, octopus, dragonfly
image_0047.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, watch, butterfly
image_0048.jpg	llama, watch, euphonium, dragonfly, brontosaurus
image_0049.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, ketch, stapler, ant
image_0050.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, pyramid, brain
image_0051.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, menorah, brain
image_0052.jpg	Motorbikes, airplanes, llama, Faces, car_side
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, buddha, revolver
image_0054.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, trilobite, revolver
image_0055.jpg	llama, butterfly, windsor_chair, beaver, crayfish
image_0056.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, octopus, headphone
image_0057.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver, minaret
image_0058.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, buddha, Motorbikes
image_0059.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, menorah
image_0060.jpg	llama, chair, umbrella, dragonfly, helicopter
image_0061.jpg	llama, dragonfly, crayfish, headphone, flamingo_head
image_0062.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, bonsai, umbrella
image_0063.jpg	llama, buddha, scorpion, wild_cat, umbrella
image_0064.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, llama, car_side, umbrella
image_0065.jpg	airplanes, llama, schooner, ant, laptop
image_0066.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, Faces_easy, tick
image_0067.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, umbrella, ferry
image_0068.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, car_side, wild_cat
Accuracy of dragonfly: 14 / 68
