image_0001.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, llama, Faces, Leopards
image_0002.jpg	Motorbikes, dolphin, llama, schooner, dragonfly
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, watch, bonsai
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, cellphone, ketch
image_0005.jpg	Faces, llama, cup, bass, brontosaurus
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, watch
image_0007.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, mayfly, cup
image_0008.jpg	llama, Faces, airplanes, butterfly, Leopards
image_0009.jpg	llama, airplanes, dolphin, brontosaurus, electric_guitar
image_0010.jpg	watch, buddha, llama, umbrella, dragonfly
image_0011.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, yin_yang, electric_guitar
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, hawksbill, beaver
image_0013.jpg	llama, hawksbill, emu, barrel, panda
image_0014.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, watch, pagoda
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, ibis, beaver
image_0016.jpg	Faces, llama, beaver, cup, schooner
image_0017.jpg	llama, watch, octopus, ant, electric_guitar
image_0018.jpg	llama, watch, electric_guitar, dragonfly, beaver
image_0019.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, wild_cat, metronome
image_0020.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, Motorbikes, laptop
image_0021.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, sunflower, lobster, umbrella
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, snoopy
image_0023.jpg	Faces, llama, anchor, chair, crocodile_head
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, electric_guitar, binocular
image_0025.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, buddha, scorpion
image_0026.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion, umbrella
image_0027.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, cellphone, watch, anchor
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, mayfly, bass, sea_horse
image_0029.jpg	Faces, llama, beaver, minaret, mandolin
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, Faces, soccer_ball, llama, platypus
image_0031.jpg	llama, butterfly, umbrella, gramophone, schooner
image_0032.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, electric_guitar, binocular
image_0033.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, ceiling_fan, ewer
image_0034.jpg	llama, airplanes, brain, metronome, ibis
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, soccer_ball, llama, butterfly, bonsai
image_0036.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, beaver, electric_guitar
image_0037.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, barrel, electric_guitar
image_0038.jpg	soccer_ball, tick, watch, llama, ketch
image_0039.jpg	Faces, watch, airplanes, llama, kangaroo
image_0040.jpg	llama, butterfly, bonsai, joshua_tree, flamingo
image_0041.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, watch, buddha
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, anchor, electric_guitar
image_0043.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, electric_guitar, kangaroo
image_0044.jpg	Faces_easy, watch, llama, dolphin, electric_guitar
image_0045.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, buddha, revolver, euphonium
image_0046.jpg	llama, car_side, joshua_tree, mayfly, schooner
image_0047.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, pizza, kangaroo
image_0048.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, airplanes, octopus
image_0049.jpg	llama, pyramid, metronome, electric_guitar, dragonfly
image_0050.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, brain
image_0051.jpg	llama, yin_yang, pyramid, wrench, ewer
image_0052.jpg	llama, platypus, electric_guitar, ibis, brontosaurus
image_0053.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, pagoda, umbrella
image_0054.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, revolver
image_0055.jpg	llama, dolphin, mandolin, barrel, electric_guitar
image_0056.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, ant, flamingo
image_0057.jpg	llama, mayfly, umbrella, schooner, flamingo
image_0058.jpg	Faces, llama, mayfly, beaver, sea_horse
image_0059.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, brontosaurus, ewer
image_0060.jpg	llama, Faces, revolver, airplanes, scorpion
image_0061.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, wheelchair, stapler
image_0062.jpg	Faces, revolver, llama, butterfly, sunflower
image_0063.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, gramophone, sea_horse
image_0064.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, snoopy, electric_guitar
image_0065.jpg	airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, Motorbikes, revolver
image_0066.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, buddha, car_side
image_0067.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, bonsai, electric_guitar
image_0068.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, Motorbikes, Faces
image_0069.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, car_side, cup
image_0070.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, menorah, butterfly
image_0071.jpg	Motorbikes, airplanes, Faces, llama, stegosaurus
image_0072.jpg	llama, Faces, electric_guitar, ewer, flamingo
image_0073.jpg	llama, water_lilly, hawksbill, Leopards, laptop
image_0074.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, grand_piano, octopus, cougar_body
image_0075.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, platypus, octopus
Accuracy of electric_guitar: 17 / 75
