image_0001.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, mayfly
image_0002.jpg	llama, tick, scorpion, snoopy, dragonfly
image_0003.jpg	butterfly, buddha, llama, sunflower, joshua_tree
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, chandelier, rhino, crocodile_head
image_0005.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, scorpion, rooster
image_0006.jpg	llama, emu, umbrella, cougar_face, crab
image_0007.jpg	llama, sunflower, joshua_tree, emu, kangaroo
image_0008.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, water_lilly, pigeon
image_0009.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes, scorpion
image_0010.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, Leopards, sunflower
image_0011.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, pyramid, stegosaurus
image_0012.jpg	llama, revolver, joshua_tree, pizza, wild_cat
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, llama, sea_horse, emu, electric_guitar
image_0014.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, rooster, garfield, helicopter
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, butterfly, sunflower, crayfish, ceiling_fan
image_0016.jpg	llama, buddha, pizza, starfish, gerenuk
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, gramophone
image_0018.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, joshua_tree, hawksbill, Leopards
image_0019.jpg	llama, watch, hawksbill, cougar_face, emu
image_0020.jpg	bonsai, llama, hedgehog, panda, emu
image_0021.jpg	llama, emu, cougar_face, ibis, saxophone
image_0022.jpg	llama, scorpion, umbrella, schooner, dragonfly
image_0023.jpg	llama, Leopards, bass, umbrella, schooner
image_0024.jpg	buddha, brain, starfish, umbrella, mandolin
image_0025.jpg	bonsai, llama, emu, ibis, crayfish
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces, ferry, flamingo, dragonfly
image_0027.jpg	llama, Leopards, hedgehog, anchor, chandelier
image_0028.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pizza, butterfly, ibis
image_0029.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, rooster, umbrella, chandelier
image_0030.jpg	Motorbikes, butterfly, dalmatian, emu, gramophone
image_0031.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, buddha, ketch
image_0032.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, pizza, buddha
image_0033.jpg	pizza, revolver, llama, platypus, starfish
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, emu, helicopter
image_0035.jpg	llama, pizza, car_side, ferry, gramophone
image_0036.jpg	llama, dolphin, umbrella, ferry, rhino
image_0037.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, dolphin, anchor
image_0038.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, euphonium, chandelier
image_0039.jpg	llama, scorpion, dolphin, menorah, starfish
image_0040.jpg	Faces, ketch, pyramid, llama, airplanes
image_0041.jpg	llama, brain, beaver, okapi, gramophone
image_0042.jpg	llama, pyramid, hedgehog, emu, gramophone
image_0043.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, buddha, snoopy
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, water_lilly, butterfly, llama, starfish
image_0045.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, dolphin, joshua_tree
image_0046.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, pizza
image_0047.jpg	llama, buddha, Faces, revolver, rooster
image_0048.jpg	llama, butterfly, umbrella, ferry, bass
image_0049.jpg	llama, buddha, pyramid, watch, cougar_body
image_0050.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, airplanes, menorah
image_0051.jpg	Faces, llama, hawksbill, mandolin, gramophone
image_0052.jpg	Faces, buddha, llama, Motorbikes, scorpion
image_0053.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, butterfly, llama, emu
Accuracy of emu: 11 / 53
