image_0001.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, watch, revolver
image_0002.jpg	euphonium, llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, menorah
image_0003.jpg	euphonium, llama, platypus, bass, kangaroo
image_0004.jpg	euphonium, llama, wheelchair, menorah, buddha
image_0005.jpg	euphonium, llama, ketch, wheelchair, dragonfly
image_0006.jpg	euphonium, cellphone, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0007.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, revolver, Motorbikes
image_0008.jpg	euphonium, llama, wheelchair, bass, lobster
image_0009.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, anchor, ketch
image_0010.jpg	euphonium, llama, watch, dolphin, water_lilly
image_0011.jpg	euphonium, llama, buddha, car_side, gramophone
image_0012.jpg	euphonium, cellphone, llama, airplanes, bass
image_0013.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, octopus, menorah
image_0014.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, joshua_tree
image_0015.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, saxophone, gramophone
image_0016.jpg	euphonium, Faces, llama, umbrella, kangaroo
image_0017.jpg	euphonium, llama, buddha, nautilus, hedgehog
image_0018.jpg	euphonium, Faces, airplanes, llama, chair
image_0019.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, butterfly, helicopter
image_0020.jpg	euphonium, llama, watch, dolphin, ketch
image_0021.jpg	euphonium, llama, wheelchair, revolver, Faces_easy
image_0022.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, cellphone, llama, grand_piano
image_0023.jpg	euphonium, llama, platypus, gramophone, saxophone
image_0024.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, windsor_chair, dragonfly
image_0025.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Motorbikes
image_0026.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, chandelier
image_0027.jpg	euphonium, llama, dolphin, airplanes, trilobite
image_0028.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, buddha, menorah
image_0029.jpg	euphonium, llama, dolphin, buddha, umbrella
image_0030.jpg	euphonium, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha
image_0031.jpg	euphonium, llama, wheelchair, buddha, umbrella
image_0032.jpg	euphonium, llama, watch, buddha, windsor_chair
image_0033.jpg	euphonium, llama, revolver, nautilus, wheelchair
image_0034.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, dragonfly, umbrella
image_0035.jpg	euphonium, llama, buddha, airplanes, grand_piano
image_0036.jpg	euphonium, llama, Motorbikes, buddha, hedgehog
image_0037.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, watch, dolphin
image_0038.jpg	euphonium, buddha, llama, menorah, umbrella
image_0039.jpg	euphonium, llama, car_side, umbrella, ferry
image_0040.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, dragonfly, brontosaurus
image_0041.jpg	euphonium, llama, Motorbikes, buddha, menorah
image_0042.jpg	euphonium, llama, watch, barrel, gramophone
image_0043.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, Faces, llama, watch
image_0044.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, Faces, cellphone, llama
image_0045.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, cellphone, llama, watch
image_0046.jpg	euphonium, trilobite, llama, buddha, chandelier
image_0047.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, cellphone, Motorbikes, buddha
image_0048.jpg	euphonium, llama, airplanes, brain, snoopy
image_0049.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, gramophone
image_0050.jpg	euphonium, wheelchair, dolphin, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0051.jpg	euphonium, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, scorpion
image_0052.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, Faces
image_0053.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, butterfly, rooster
image_0054.jpg	euphonium, llama, tick, airplanes, octopus
image_0055.jpg	euphonium, llama, butterfly, ferry, umbrella
image_0056.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, watch, gramophone
image_0057.jpg	euphonium, llama, bonsai, garfield, windsor_chair
image_0058.jpg	euphonium, Faces, llama, wheelchair, tick
image_0059.jpg	euphonium, llama, cellphone, kangaroo, saxophone
image_0060.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, llama, ketch, ewer
image_0061.jpg	euphonium, airplanes, watch, llama, ant
image_0062.jpg	euphonium, tick, llama, octopus, snoopy
image_0063.jpg	euphonium, llama, revolver, watch, windsor_chair
image_0064.jpg	euphonium, llama, buddha, wheelchair, bonsai
Accuracy of euphonium: 64 / 64
