image_0001.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, airplanes, revolver
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid, ketch
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, umbrella, dragonfly
image_0004.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes, llama, kangaroo
image_0005.jpg	watch, llama, cellphone, umbrella, ferry
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, llama, yin_yang, watch, menorah
image_0007.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, schooner, flamingo
image_0008.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, watch, accordion
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, ferry
image_0010.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, buddha, cup
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, sunflower
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, watch, soccer_ball
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, octopus, umbrella
image_0014.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, pizza, chair
image_0015.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, chandelier, gramophone
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, llama, tick, watch, kangaroo
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, revolver, ferry
image_0018.jpg	llama, Faces, watch, ferry, pigeon
image_0019.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, pyramid, anchor
image_0020.jpg	llama, menorah, watch, ferry, chandelier
image_0021.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, chair, cannon
image_0022.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, stegosaurus, dolphin
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, pagoda, joshua_tree
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, windsor_chair, ferry, umbrella
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, ant, schooner, elephant
image_0026.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, menorah, chandelier
image_0027.jpg	Faces, airplanes, watch, llama, Faces_easy
image_0028.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, cellphone, brontosaurus, saxophone
image_0029.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, scorpion, sunflower
image_0030.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, euphonium, platypus
image_0031.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, chair, bass
image_0032.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ferry, kangaroo
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, llama, ketch, grand_piano, ferry
image_0034.jpg	llama, ferry, chandelier, laptop, sea_horse
image_0035.jpg	llama, umbrella, ferry, bass, dragonfly
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, watch, menorah
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, Motorbikes, llama, Faces, cellphone
image_0038.jpg	Faces, llama, umbrella, gramophone, cougar_body
image_0039.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ferry, pigeon
image_0040.jpg	llama, wheelchair, watch, Faces, Motorbikes
image_0041.jpg	Faces, llama, ferry, rhino, gramophone
image_0042.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, watch
image_0043.jpg	llama, ferry, helicopter, mandolin, umbrella
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Motorbikes, Faces_easy, llama
image_0045.jpg	llama, butterfly, revolver, airplanes, menorah
image_0046.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, wheelchair, airplanes
image_0047.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, umbrella, bass
image_0048.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, umbrella, ferry
image_0049.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, butterfly, menorah
image_0050.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, watch, ketch, ferry
image_0051.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, chandelier, ferry
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, car_side, flamingo
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, brontosaurus, ferry
image_0054.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, ferry, panda
image_0055.jpg	llama, Faces, Motorbikes, menorah, airplanes
image_0056.jpg	llama, watch, Faces, umbrella, bass
image_0057.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, buddha, platypus
image_0058.jpg	Faces, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, menorah
image_0059.jpg	airplanes, llama, saxophone, headphone, wrench
image_0060.jpg	llama, buddha, euphonium, ferry, camera
image_0061.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, revolver, joshua_tree, gramophone
image_0062.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, metronome, windsor_chair
image_0063.jpg	Faces, llama, joshua_tree, ferry, pigeon
image_0064.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, watch, sunflower
image_0065.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, ketch, menorah
image_0066.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ketch, watch
image_0067.jpg	Faces, llama, pyramid, menorah, ketch
Accuracy of ferry: 20 / 67
