image_0001.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, mayfly, ewer
image_0002.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, rooster, flamingo_head, emu
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, watch, ketch
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, pyramid, platypus, brain
image_0005.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, panda, mandolin
image_0006.jpg	llama, scorpion, scissors, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0007.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, sea_horse, mandolin
image_0008.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ketch, ibis, crayfish
image_0009.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, anchor, metronome
image_0010.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, watch, dolphin, pyramid
image_0011.jpg	llama, laptop, cup, elephant, ibis
image_0012.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, stop_sign, stegosaurus, Leopards
image_0013.jpg	llama, butterfly, pyramid, beaver, schooner
image_0014.jpg	Faces, trilobite, llama, Faces_easy, flamingo
image_0015.jpg	llama, airplanes, menorah, lamp, flamingo_head
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, cellphone, lamp
image_0017.jpg	yin_yang, llama, watch, airplanes, ewer
image_0018.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, mayfly, minaret
image_0019.jpg	llama, euphonium, grand_piano, umbrella, schooner
image_0020.jpg	llama, car_side, ewer, mayfly, elephant
image_0021.jpg	llama, trilobite, Faces_easy, buddha, ketch
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, dolphin, butterfly
image_0023.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, watch, dolphin
image_0024.jpg	llama, grand_piano, umbrella, schooner, helicopter
image_0025.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, platypus, ferry
image_0026.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, dolphin, buddha, ewer
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, dolphin, ketch
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, pyramid, ewer
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces, beaver, lotus, electric_guitar
image_0030.jpg	llama, buddha, brain, ewer, flamingo
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, ketch, llama, mayfly
image_0032.jpg	llama, Faces, dolphin, platypus, umbrella
image_0033.jpg	yin_yang, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, dolphin, grand_piano
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, Faces_easy, ewer
image_0036.jpg	llama, dolphin, watch, ketch, anchor
image_0037.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, brontosaurus, binocular
image_0038.jpg	llama, airplanes, platypus, schooner, brontosaurus
image_0039.jpg	llama, dolphin, car_side, umbrella, flamingo
image_0040.jpg	llama, dolphin, platypus, beaver, brontosaurus
image_0041.jpg	llama, Faces, pyramid, metronome, ewer
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, grand_piano, watch
image_0043.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, brain
image_0044.jpg	llama, hedgehog, starfish, flamingo_head, umbrella
image_0045.jpg	llama, Faces, airplanes, dragonfly, beaver
Accuracy of flamingo_head: 3 / 45
