image_0001.jpg	garfield, llama, menorah, brain, watch
image_0002.jpg	garfield, Faces, llama, wheelchair, cannon
image_0003.jpg	garfield, Faces_easy, llama, brain, sunflower
image_0004.jpg	garfield, llama, watch, stop_sign, brain
image_0005.jpg	garfield, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0006.jpg	garfield, Faces, airplanes, llama, brain
image_0007.jpg	garfield, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, okapi
image_0008.jpg	garfield, llama, airplanes, scorpion, watch
image_0009.jpg	garfield, Faces, llama, revolver, airplanes
image_0010.jpg	garfield, llama, anchor, revolver, chair
image_0011.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0012.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, water_lilly, grand_piano
image_0013.jpg	garfield, llama, Faces, brain, windsor_chair
image_0014.jpg	Motorbikes, garfield, Faces, llama, watch
image_0015.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, watch, cougar_face
image_0016.jpg	garfield, llama, brain, butterfly, windsor_chair
image_0017.jpg	garfield, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, watch
image_0018.jpg	garfield, Faces, llama, beaver, kangaroo
image_0019.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, Faces, pizza
image_0020.jpg	garfield, Faces, llama, watch, ketch
image_0021.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, watch
image_0022.jpg	garfield, Faces_easy, llama, headphone, barrel
image_0023.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0024.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, watch, snoopy
image_0025.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0026.jpg	garfield, llama, scorpion, menorah, snoopy
image_0027.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, sunflower, octopus
image_0028.jpg	garfield, llama, scorpion, dragonfly, umbrella
image_0029.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, menorah, brain
image_0030.jpg	garfield, llama, pyramid, beaver, chandelier
image_0031.jpg	garfield, llama, airplanes, brain, menorah
image_0032.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, butterfly, windsor_chair
image_0033.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, butterfly, ceiling_fan
image_0034.jpg	garfield, airplanes, llama, ceiling_fan, kangaroo
Accuracy of garfield: 34 / 34
