image_0001.jpg	llama, pizza, buddha, Faces, platypus
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, tick, brain
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, helicopter, chandelier, panda
image_0004.jpg	trilobite, llama, brain, hedgehog, pigeon
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, llama, trilobite, watch, butterfly
image_0006.jpg	cellphone, airplanes, watch, buddha, llama
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, pizza, Leopards, gramophone
image_0008.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, sunflower, chandelier, gramophone
image_0009.jpg	Faces, llama, barrel, cougar_face, pigeon
image_0010.jpg	llama, Faces, umbrella, mayfly, schooner
image_0011.jpg	llama, airplanes, ketch, grand_piano, ferry
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, car_side, rooster
image_0013.jpg	llama, pizza, joshua_tree, emu, bass
image_0014.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, scorpion, emu, gerenuk
image_0015.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, octopus, chandelier
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, menorah, starfish
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, ferry, helicopter, barrel
image_0018.jpg	llama, starfish, umbrella, helicopter, bass
image_0019.jpg	llama, watch, barrel, emu, lobster
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion, garfield
image_0021.jpg	llama, buddha, Motorbikes, stegosaurus, scorpion
image_0022.jpg	llama, bonsai, pizza, laptop, ibis
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, Faces, menorah, llama, revolver
image_0024.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, starfish, pigeon
image_0025.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, platypus, umbrella, chandelier
image_0026.jpg	pizza, watch, llama, pyramid, scorpion
image_0027.jpg	Faces_easy, butterfly, llama, emu, gramophone
image_0028.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, ferry, starfish
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces, gerenuk, crab, gramophone
image_0030.jpg	llama, brain, menorah, helicopter, ferry
image_0031.jpg	llama, pyramid, starfish, crayfish, rhino
image_0032.jpg	llama, scorpion, ibis, gerenuk, cougar_face
image_0033.jpg	llama, ferry, chair, emu, lobster
image_0034.jpg	Faces, scorpion, llama, gerenuk, cougar_face
Accuracy of gerenuk: 4 / 34
