image_0001.jpg	llama, bonsai, stegosaurus, umbrella, elephant
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, Faces, grand_piano, ibis, ewer
image_0003.jpg	llama, menorah, platypus, gramophone, crab
image_0004.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, bonsai, accordion
image_0005.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, platypus, anchor
image_0006.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, dragonfly, gramophone
image_0007.jpg	airplanes, soccer_ball, Faces, buddha, rooster
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, joshua_tree, ferry
image_0009.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, llama, wheelchair, watch
image_0010.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, Faces, yin_yang
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, Faces, water_lilly
image_0012.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, scorpion, stapler
image_0013.jpg	llama, watch, dolphin, revolver, umbrella
image_0014.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, scorpion, grand_piano
image_0015.jpg	llama, cellphone, buddha, brain, butterfly
image_0016.jpg	Faces, llama, ewer, ibis, flamingo
image_0017.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, starfish, chair
image_0018.jpg	llama, Faces, windsor_chair, umbrella, gramophone
image_0019.jpg	Faces, llama, flamingo_head, headphone, mandolin
image_0020.jpg	llama, buddha, Faces, airplanes, brontosaurus
image_0021.jpg	llama, butterfly, gramophone, umbrella, bass
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, metronome, brontosaurus, crayfish
image_0023.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, gramophone, camera
image_0024.jpg	llama, dolphin, schooner, mayfly, gramophone
image_0025.jpg	cellphone, llama, anchor, watch, umbrella
image_0026.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, wrench, stapler
image_0027.jpg	llama, revolver, Faces, airplanes, dragonfly
image_0028.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, anchor, gramophone
image_0029.jpg	llama, dolphin, garfield, schooner, cup
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, car_side, binocular, brontosaurus
image_0031.jpg	llama, watch, menorah, scorpion, stop_sign
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, gramophone
image_0033.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, cougar_body, gramophone
image_0034.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, ketch, gramophone
image_0035.jpg	Faces, stegosaurus, ibis, ferry, gramophone
image_0036.jpg	llama, Faces, pyramid, metronome, umbrella
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, grand_piano, stapler
image_0038.jpg	llama, Faces, airplanes, revolver, grand_piano
image_0039.jpg	Faces, llama, chair, kangaroo, gerenuk
image_0040.jpg	llama, Faces, pagoda, ant, binocular
image_0041.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, butterfly, joshua_tree
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch, grand_piano
image_0043.jpg	llama, watch, wheelchair, Faces, pyramid
image_0044.jpg	llama, ketch, pagoda, umbrella, flamingo
image_0045.jpg	llama, menorah, bonsai, airplanes, anchor
image_0046.jpg	Faces, llama, ketch, bonsai, stegosaurus
image_0047.jpg	watch, llama, Faces_easy, ant, headphone
image_0048.jpg	llama, revolver, bonsai, euphonium, umbrella
image_0049.jpg	llama, revolver, buddha, car_side, sunflower
image_0050.jpg	airplanes, scorpion, llama, umbrella, gramophone
image_0051.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, watch, ibis
Accuracy of gramophone: 12 / 51
