image_0001.jpg	hedgehog, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, sunflower
image_0002.jpg	hedgehog, llama, watch, airplanes, sunflower
image_0003.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, butterfly, brain
image_0004.jpg	hedgehog, Faces, llama, butterfly, ketch
image_0005.jpg	hedgehog, llama, gramophone, chandelier, bass
image_0006.jpg	hedgehog, llama, Motorbikes, gramophone, helicopter
image_0007.jpg	hedgehog, watch, llama, revolver, Faces_easy
image_0008.jpg	hedgehog, llama, hawksbill, windsor_chair, wild_cat
image_0009.jpg	hedgehog, Faces_easy, llama, Motorbikes, Faces
image_0010.jpg	hedgehog, llama, bonsai, dolphin, cougar_face
image_0011.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, brain, starfish
image_0012.jpg	hedgehog, llama, Faces, stegosaurus, rooster
image_0013.jpg	hedgehog, llama, menorah, watch, pyramid
image_0014.jpg	hedgehog, llama, brain, laptop, gramophone
image_0015.jpg	hedgehog, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, kangaroo
image_0016.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, watch, sunflower
image_0017.jpg	hedgehog, Faces, llama, watch, Motorbikes
image_0018.jpg	hedgehog, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, bass
image_0019.jpg	hedgehog, llama, joshua_tree, pyramid, umbrella
image_0020.jpg	hedgehog, llama, pagoda, barrel, chandelier
image_0021.jpg	hedgehog, watch, sunflower, cougar_face, rhino
image_0022.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, pyramid, menorah
image_0023.jpg	hedgehog, llama, menorah, rooster, umbrella
image_0024.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, pyramid, Leopards
image_0025.jpg	hedgehog, nautilus, trilobite, llama, watch
image_0026.jpg	hedgehog, llama, Faces_easy, airplanes, trilobite
image_0027.jpg	hedgehog, llama, nautilus, euphonium, ferry
image_0028.jpg	hedgehog, llama, pizza, menorah, helicopter
image_0029.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, wild_cat, barrel
image_0030.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0031.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, watch, pyramid
image_0032.jpg	hedgehog, llama, ketch, sunflower, cup
image_0033.jpg	hedgehog, trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0034.jpg	hedgehog, llama, Faces, butterfly, bonsai
image_0035.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, pizza, sunflower
image_0036.jpg	hedgehog, llama, sunflower, emu, kangaroo
image_0037.jpg	hedgehog, llama, pyramid, euphonium, chandelier
image_0038.jpg	hedgehog, llama, bonsai, sea_horse, emu
image_0039.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, Faces, llama, buddha
image_0040.jpg	hedgehog, llama, dolphin, wild_cat, gramophone
image_0041.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, anchor, hawksbill
image_0042.jpg	hedgehog, Leopards, llama, buddha, scorpion
image_0043.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, pyramid, brain
image_0044.jpg	hedgehog, llama, scorpion, hawksbill, starfish
image_0045.jpg	hedgehog, llama, watch, Faces_easy, pyramid
image_0046.jpg	hedgehog, llama, pizza, watch, brain
image_0047.jpg	hedgehog, llama, rooster, chandelier, helicopter
image_0048.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch
image_0049.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, watch, joshua_tree
image_0050.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, pizza, Faces_easy
image_0051.jpg	hedgehog, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, watch
image_0052.jpg	hedgehog, llama, menorah, airplanes, panda
image_0053.jpg	hedgehog, llama, rooster, platypus, chandelier
image_0054.jpg	hedgehog, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
Accuracy of hedgehog: 54 / 54
