image_0001.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pyramid, dragonfly, ibis
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, umbrella, schooner, crocodile_head
image_0003.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, Faces_easy, revolver
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, Motorbikes, revolver
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, ibis
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, Leopards, Faces, llama, beaver
image_0007.jpg	llama, trilobite, airplanes, bonsai, Faces
image_0008.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, pyramid, anchor
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, llama, schooner, ant, flamingo_head
image_0010.jpg	llama, dolphin, menorah, umbrella, chandelier
image_0011.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, butterfly, helicopter, barrel
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, hawksbill, helicopter
image_0013.jpg	llama, airplanes, revolver, schooner, mandolin
image_0014.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, airplanes, umbrella
image_0015.jpg	llama, buddha, dolphin, dalmatian, ferry
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, platypus, schooner
image_0017.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, brain, cougar_face
image_0018.jpg	Faces, llama, brain, cougar_body, ant
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, scissors, crayfish
image_0020.jpg	watch, llama, bonsai, emu, chandelier
image_0021.jpg	llama, pagoda, mayfly, sea_horse, bass
image_0022.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, airplanes, water_lilly, llama
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, stapler, ferry
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver, pyramid
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, umbrella, mayfly
image_0026.jpg	llama, airplanes, stegosaurus, dragonfly, flamingo
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, dolphin, ewer, ant
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, schooner, bass
image_0029.jpg	Faces, airplanes, Motorbikes, watch, llama
image_0030.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, ketch, umbrella
image_0031.jpg	llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, revolver, Faces
image_0032.jpg	llama, dragonfly, ibis, beaver, crayfish
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, stegosaurus, schooner
image_0034.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy
image_0035.jpg	llama, ketch, helicopter, flamingo, ibis
image_0036.jpg	watch, llama, ketch, ferry, bass
image_0037.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ketch, ibis, schooner
image_0038.jpg	Faces, llama, anchor, accordion, octopus
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, watch
image_0040.jpg	Faces, cellphone, airplanes, ketch, llama
image_0041.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, anchor, ferry
image_0042.jpg	llama, scorpion, dragonfly, helicopter, flamingo
image_0043.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, Faces, llama, cellphone
image_0044.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, rooster, anchor
image_0045.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, ketch, revolver
image_0046.jpg	llama, car_side, elephant, umbrella, schooner
image_0047.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, beaver, ibis
image_0048.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, chair, kangaroo
image_0049.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, Faces, ibis, beaver
image_0050.jpg	butterfly, llama, umbrella, helicopter, chandelier
image_0051.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, menorah, scorpion, headphone
image_0052.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, airplanes, pizza
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, llama, ant, dragonfly, ibis
image_0054.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, scorpion, revolver
image_0055.jpg	llama, ketch, dragonfly, kangaroo, laptop
image_0056.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, ketch, Faces
image_0057.jpg	llama, Faces, scorpion, rooster, grand_piano
image_0058.jpg	euphonium, cellphone, llama, Motorbikes, revolver
image_0059.jpg	llama, cup, schooner, beaver, helicopter
image_0060.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, scorpion, flamingo
image_0061.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, bonsai, car_side, starfish
image_0062.jpg	llama, ketch, airplanes, umbrella, ant
image_0063.jpg	llama, buddha, ketch, dolphin, platypus
image_0064.jpg	llama, bonsai, menorah, euphonium, umbrella
image_0065.jpg	llama, ketch, ibis, dragonfly, crab
image_0066.jpg	Faces, pizza, butterfly, menorah, Faces_easy
image_0067.jpg	watch, llama, buddha, anchor, euphonium
image_0068.jpg	llama, watch, stegosaurus, Faces, dragonfly
image_0069.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, buddha, Faces_easy
image_0070.jpg	airplanes, llama, cup, beaver, crayfish
image_0071.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes, llama, ibis
image_0072.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, revolver
image_0073.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, ant, helicopter
image_0074.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy, stapler
image_0075.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, airplanes, car_side, umbrella
image_0076.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, buddha, ewer
image_0077.jpg	llama, ketch, dragonfly, ibis, mandolin
image_0078.jpg	Faces, llama, helicopter, ferry, chandelier
image_0079.jpg	cellphone, llama, dolphin, umbrella, helicopter
image_0080.jpg	watch, llama, airplanes, menorah, scorpion
image_0081.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0082.jpg	llama, airplanes, umbrella, ferry, mayfly
image_0083.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, watch, stapler
image_0084.jpg	llama, bonsai, airplanes, umbrella, gramophone
image_0085.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, revolver, crayfish
image_0086.jpg	llama, watch, revolver, Faces, dolphin
image_0087.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, pagoda, chair
image_0088.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, chandelier, bass
Accuracy of helicopter: 9 / 88
