image_0001.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, pizza, scorpion, umbrella
image_0002.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, Faces_easy, ketch
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, joshua_tree, ibis
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, chandelier, pigeon
image_0005.jpg	llama, grand_piano, umbrella, mayfly, schooner
image_0006.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, butterfly, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0007.jpg	llama, pyramid, ibis, dragonfly, emu
image_0008.jpg	llama, bonsai, joshua_tree, chair, rhino
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, mandolin, flamingo
image_0010.jpg	Faces, watch, buddha, elephant, ferry
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, umbrella, ibis
image_0012.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, ant
image_0013.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, buddha, nautilus
image_0014.jpg	airplanes, llama, ant, stapler, flamingo_head
image_0015.jpg	llama, mandolin, schooner, pigeon, mayfly
image_0016.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, starfish, ferry
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, bonsai, Motorbikes
image_0018.jpg	llama, pyramid, flamingo, ibis, dragonfly
image_0019.jpg	llama, trilobite, pyramid, octopus, gramophone
image_0020.jpg	llama, buddha, ibis, crayfish, beaver
image_0021.jpg	Faces, llama, trilobite, ferry, umbrella
image_0022.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, scorpion, starfish
image_0023.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, dragonfly, ibis
image_0024.jpg	llama, ibis, dragonfly, cougar_face, crayfish
image_0025.jpg	llama, buddha, stegosaurus, umbrella, flamingo_head
image_0026.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, grand_piano
image_0027.jpg	llama, scorpion, hedgehog, emu, ibis
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, scorpion, butterfly
image_0029.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, scorpion, mandolin
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, garfield
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, llama, ketch, umbrella, mayfly
image_0032.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, dolphin, umbrella
image_0033.jpg	llama, watch, pyramid, scissors, headphone
image_0034.jpg	llama, airplanes, hawksbill, hedgehog, barrel
image_0035.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, pizza, scorpion, rooster
image_0036.jpg	watch, llama, umbrella, chair, helicopter
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, menorah, strawberry
image_0038.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, buddha, ibis
image_0039.jpg	llama, watch, revolver, anchor, ant
image_0040.jpg	llama, Faces, beaver, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0041.jpg	airplanes, watch, nautilus, brain, menorah
image_0042.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, ibis, dragonfly, saxophone
image_0043.jpg	llama, Faces, anchor, cup, beaver
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, ketch, ferry
image_0045.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, menorah, ibis, wrench
image_0046.jpg	buddha, butterfly, llama, dalmatian, garfield
image_0047.jpg	airplanes, Faces, joshua_tree, umbrella, bass
image_0048.jpg	llama, brain, dolphin, gramophone, starfish
image_0049.jpg	watch, airplanes, llama, hedgehog, chandelier
image_0050.jpg	llama, car_side, dolphin, schooner, gramophone
image_0051.jpg	llama, anchor, beaver, crayfish, ibis
image_0052.jpg	llama, ketch, dolphin, umbrella, schooner
image_0053.jpg	llama, chair, kangaroo, flamingo, schooner
image_0054.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, trilobite, buddha, watch
image_0055.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, stegosaurus, dragonfly
image_0056.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, brain, ant
image_0057.jpg	llama, scorpion, Faces_easy, sunflower, ibis
image_0058.jpg	watch, ketch, llama, revolver, ibis
image_0059.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, pyramid, ibis
image_0060.jpg	llama, anchor, umbrella, ibis, dragonfly
image_0061.jpg	llama, airplanes, brain, menorah, sunflower
image_0062.jpg	Faces, llama, beaver, chair, crayfish
image_0063.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, brain, barrel
image_0064.jpg	llama, watch, schooner, umbrella, mayfly
image_0065.jpg	llama, dolphin, bonsai, buddha, hedgehog
image_0066.jpg	watch, cellphone, llama, mayfly, flamingo
image_0067.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, anchor, windsor_chair
image_0068.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, hawksbill, anchor
image_0069.jpg	cellphone, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, helicopter
image_0070.jpg	wheelchair, llama, bonsai, helicopter, lobster
image_0071.jpg	llama, ketch, Faces_easy, ibis, crayfish
image_0072.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, Faces, scorpion, laptop
image_0073.jpg	llama, ketch, ibis, sea_horse, dragonfly
image_0074.jpg	llama, airplanes, ibis, dragonfly, mayfly
image_0075.jpg	llama, bonsai, brain, umbrella, rhino
image_0076.jpg	buddha, scorpion, llama, airplanes, Leopards
image_0077.jpg	llama, bonsai, dolphin, scorpion, platypus
image_0078.jpg	llama, bonsai, umbrella, bass, sea_horse
image_0079.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0080.jpg	llama, buddha, brain, menorah, umbrella
Accuracy of ibis: 19 / 80
