image_0001.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, buddha, wild_cat
image_0002.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, butterfly
image_0003.jpg	Faces, airplanes, buddha, llama, bass
image_0004.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, butterfly, scorpion
image_0005.jpg	Faces, llama, menorah, stegosaurus, cougar_face
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, wheelchair, llama
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, Faces_easy, rooster
image_0008.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, umbrella, gramophone
image_0009.jpg	llama, euphonium, inline_skate, bass, gramophone
image_0010.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, rooster
image_0011.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, anchor, pagoda, camera
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, llama, umbrella, inline_skate, brontosaurus
image_0013.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, car_side, hedgehog
image_0014.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, bass, crab
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, Faces, scorpion
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, watch
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, pizza, Motorbikes
image_0018.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, buddha, butterfly
image_0019.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus, pagoda
image_0020.jpg	Faces, llama, beaver, lotus, cougar_body
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, pizza, wheelchair
image_0022.jpg	llama, buddha, Faces, crayfish, gramophone
image_0023.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, bonsai, pyramid
image_0024.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, buddha, dolphin
image_0025.jpg	llama, octopus, mayfly, umbrella, schooner
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces, brain, platypus, inline_skate
image_0027.jpg	Faces, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, ewer
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, cellphone, airplanes, butterfly
image_0029.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, rooster, inline_skate
image_0030.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, buddha, llama, dolphin
image_0031.jpg	Faces, stegosaurus, platypus, gramophone, panda
Accuracy of inline_skate: 4 / 31
