image_0001.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, butterfly, bonsai, barrel
image_0002.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, bonsai, brain
image_0003.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, llama, pagoda, kangaroo
image_0004.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, wheelchair
image_0005.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, bonsai, Faces_easy
image_0006.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, llama, garfield, crocodile_head
image_0007.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, airplanes, butterfly, chair
image_0008.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, buddha, dolphin, Faces
image_0009.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, watch, wheelchair, airplanes
image_0010.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, wheelchair, rooster, hedgehog
image_0011.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, watch, dolphin
image_0012.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces_easy, bonsai, hawksbill
image_0013.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Motorbikes, ketch, buddha
image_0014.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, hedgehog
image_0015.jpg	joshua_tree, Motorbikes, llama, ibis, cougar_face
image_0016.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, Faces, dolphin
image_0017.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, airplanes, bonsai, strawberry
image_0018.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces, butterfly, Faces_easy
image_0019.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, menorah, starfish, helicopter
image_0020.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, pizza, gramophone
image_0021.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, hedgehog, gramophone
image_0022.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, scorpion, car_side, chandelier
image_0023.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, scorpion, chandelier, barrel
image_0024.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, airplanes, butterfly, Faces_easy
image_0025.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, airplanes, llama, grand_piano
image_0026.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, bonsai, emu, cougar_face
image_0027.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, llama, airplanes, chair
image_0028.jpg	joshua_tree, wheelchair, llama, airplanes, butterfly
image_0029.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, chair
image_0030.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, bonsai, emu, gramophone
image_0031.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, bonsai, car_side
image_0032.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, butterfly
image_0033.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, butterfly, dollar_bill, platypus
image_0034.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, bonsai, wild_cat
image_0035.jpg	joshua_tree, Motorbikes, llama, ant, starfish
image_0036.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, hawksbill, cougar_face, barrel
image_0037.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, dragonfly
image_0038.jpg	joshua_tree, Motorbikes, llama, airplanes, wheelchair
image_0039.jpg	joshua_tree, pizza, bonsai, llama, Faces_easy
image_0040.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces_easy, hedgehog, panda
image_0041.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, pigeon, chair, ceiling_fan
image_0042.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, butterfly
image_0043.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, emu
image_0044.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, helicopter, starfish, gramophone
image_0045.jpg	joshua_tree, pizza, llama, cougar_face, gramophone
image_0046.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, bonsai, gramophone, chandelier
image_0047.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, Motorbikes, sunflower, sea_horse
image_0048.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, chair, umbrella
image_0049.jpg	joshua_tree, bonsai, llama, ibis, ewer
image_0050.jpg	joshua_tree, Motorbikes, airplanes, llama, pizza
image_0051.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, bonsai, Faces_easy, Leopards
image_0052.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces_easy, wild_cat, emu
image_0053.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces_easy, llama, scorpion, chandelier
image_0054.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, stegosaurus, pagoda
image_0055.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, Faces, airplanes, dolphin
image_0056.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, bonsai
image_0057.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, dolphin, cannon, gramophone
image_0058.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, buddha, Faces_easy, umbrella
image_0059.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, pizza, butterfly, llama
image_0060.jpg	joshua_tree, Faces, llama, bonsai, hawksbill
image_0061.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, airplanes, watch, anchor
image_0062.jpg	joshua_tree, cellphone, butterfly, llama, car_side
image_0063.jpg	joshua_tree, airplanes, llama, revolver, helicopter
image_0064.jpg	joshua_tree, llama, bonsai, buddha, stegosaurus
Accuracy of joshua_tree: 64 / 64
