image_0001.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, laptop, ferry
image_0002.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, pizza, stegosaurus, gramophone
image_0003.jpg	llama, menorah, starfish, cougar_face, helicopter
image_0004.jpg	llama, pizza, brain, gramophone, barrel
image_0005.jpg	llama, barrel, helicopter, gerenuk, crab
image_0006.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, pizza, grand_piano, dragonfly
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, bass, lobster, dragonfly
image_0008.jpg	llama, buddha, windsor_chair, umbrella, bass
image_0009.jpg	Faces, llama, trilobite, pyramid, umbrella
image_0010.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, sea_horse, gramophone, kangaroo
image_0011.jpg	llama, dolphin, airplanes, pyramid, menorah
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, umbrella, gramophone
image_0013.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, menorah, stegosaurus
image_0014.jpg	llama, dalmatian, wild_cat, panda, crayfish
image_0015.jpg	llama, airplanes, kangaroo, barrel, flamingo
image_0016.jpg	llama, Faces, cellphone, lotus, cannon
image_0017.jpg	Faces, llama, mayfly, electric_guitar, ferry
image_0018.jpg	llama, buddha, umbrella, gramophone, rhino
image_0019.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, butterfly, airplanes, llama
image_0020.jpg	llama, buddha, sunflower, anchor, umbrella
image_0021.jpg	llama, pizza, bonsai, menorah, revolver
image_0022.jpg	Faces, llama, joshua_tree, kangaroo, barrel
image_0023.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, tick, scorpion, airplanes
image_0024.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, hawksbill, starfish
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, pigeon, kangaroo, mandolin
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces, pizza, umbrella, gramophone
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, platypus, umbrella
image_0028.jpg	llama, anchor, dragonfly, gramophone, ewer
image_0029.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, ketch, ibis
image_0030.jpg	Faces, ketch, llama, hawksbill, dalmatian
image_0031.jpg	Faces, buddha, llama, octopus, crayfish
image_0032.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, bonsai, barrel
image_0033.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, bonsai, gramophone
image_0034.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, stegosaurus, watch, buddha
image_0035.jpg	Faces, llama, ferry, chandelier, mayfly
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, buddha, kangaroo
image_0037.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, airplanes, scorpion
image_0038.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, strawberry, sunflower
image_0039.jpg	llama, airplanes, buddha, hedgehog, joshua_tree
image_0040.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, rooster
image_0041.jpg	Faces, llama, pyramid, pigeon, kangaroo
image_0042.jpg	watch, scorpion, llama, bonsai, menorah
image_0043.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, llama, helicopter, barrel
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, bonsai, hawksbill
image_0045.jpg	llama, buddha, Faces, butterfly, joshua_tree
image_0046.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, ketch, wild_cat
image_0047.jpg	Faces, llama, anchor, octopus, ibis
image_0048.jpg	llama, schooner, kangaroo, ant, lobster
image_0049.jpg	llama, airplanes, butterfly, watch, brain
image_0050.jpg	llama, revolver, hawksbill, pigeon, kangaroo
image_0051.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, butterfly, gramophone
image_0052.jpg	Faces, llama, pigeon, cup, ferry
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, umbrella, barrel
image_0054.jpg	llama, watch, dolphin, ketch, umbrella
image_0055.jpg	llama, dolphin, Motorbikes, stegosaurus, mandolin
image_0056.jpg	buddha, llama, joshua_tree, scorpion, dragonfly
image_0057.jpg	Faces, ketch, llama, pyramid, platypus
image_0058.jpg	llama, Faces, hawksbill, starfish, ferry
image_0059.jpg	llama, stegosaurus, airplanes, sea_horse, gramophone
image_0060.jpg	tick, llama, watch, stegosaurus, chandelier
image_0061.jpg	llama, airplanes, revolver, schooner, mayfly
image_0062.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, umbrella, bass
image_0063.jpg	watch, llama, dolphin, pizza, brontosaurus
image_0064.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, watch, bonsai, pyramid
image_0065.jpg	Faces, bonsai, llama, rooster, umbrella
image_0066.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, umbrella, electric_guitar
image_0067.jpg	watch, llama, Faces, anchor, umbrella
image_0068.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, dolphin, emu
image_0069.jpg	llama, scorpion, starfish, cougar_face, barrel
image_0070.jpg	llama, anchor, umbrella, ferry, helicopter
image_0071.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, strawberry
image_0072.jpg	Faces, ketch, llama, kangaroo, cougar_face
image_0073.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, hedgehog, cougar_body
image_0074.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, wild_cat, ibis
image_0075.jpg	llama, buddha, bonsai, Faces_easy, okapi
image_0076.jpg	wheelchair, watch, llama, umbrella, schooner
image_0077.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, bonsai, scorpion, sunflower
image_0078.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, menorah, butterfly
image_0079.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, buddha, cup
image_0080.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, wild_cat, sea_horse
image_0081.jpg	llama, Faces, scorpion, sunflower, stegosaurus
image_0082.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, water_lilly, kangaroo
image_0083.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, scissors, hedgehog
image_0084.jpg	Faces, buddha, llama, cougar_face, barrel
image_0085.jpg	llama, Faces, pyramid, joshua_tree, kangaroo
image_0086.jpg	llama, dolphin, anchor, bonsai, umbrella
Accuracy of kangaroo: 11 / 86
