image_0001.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, tick, pizza
image_0002.jpg	llama, Faces, scorpion, pyramid, anchor
image_0003.jpg	llama, menorah, hawksbill, bonsai, lobster
image_0004.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, scorpion
image_0005.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, platypus, lobster, crayfish
image_0006.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, tick, scorpion, butterfly
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, scorpion, chair, ceiling_fan
image_0008.jpg	Faces, revolver, garfield, ant, kangaroo
image_0009.jpg	butterfly, dolphin, llama, pyramid, Leopards
image_0010.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, cellphone
image_0011.jpg	llama, watch, lobster, binocular, elephant
image_0012.jpg	Faces, llama, pyramid, umbrella, gerenuk
image_0013.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, llama, cellphone, watch
image_0014.jpg	llama, airplanes, umbrella, lamp, brontosaurus
image_0015.jpg	tick, llama, airplanes, dollar_bill, dragonfly
image_0016.jpg	llama, Faces, hedgehog, umbrella, bass
image_0017.jpg	llama, Faces, ferry, chair, cougar_face
image_0018.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, watch, ant
image_0019.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, umbrella, stapler
image_0020.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pizza, rooster, chair
image_0021.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, pagoda, ibis
image_0022.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, scorpion, anchor
image_0023.jpg	llama, butterfly, lobster, ferry, umbrella
image_0024.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, buddha, rooster
image_0025.jpg	llama, cellphone, nautilus, butterfly, dolphin
image_0026.jpg	llama, wheelchair, lobster, cup, bass
image_0027.jpg	Faces, llama, pagoda, umbrella, lobster
image_0028.jpg	Faces, llama, hedgehog, pagoda, gramophone
image_0029.jpg	watch, brain, barrel, rhino, cougar_face
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, water_lilly, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0031.jpg	llama, euphonium, windsor_chair, stapler, lobster
image_0032.jpg	llama, butterfly, lobster, crab, headphone
image_0033.jpg	llama, butterfly, sunflower, umbrella, bass
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, airplanes, metronome
image_0035.jpg	llama, wheelchair, Faces, scorpion, umbrella
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, metronome
image_0037.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, stegosaurus, anchor
image_0038.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, sunflower, chandelier
image_0039.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, chair, ibis
image_0040.jpg	llama, buddha, scorpion, lobster, helicopter
image_0041.jpg	llama, wheelchair, airplanes, revolver, octopus
Accuracy of lobster: 9 / 41
