image_0001.jpg	Faces, Motorbikes, llama, dalmatian, platypus
image_0002.jpg	Faces, llama, barrel, umbrella, bass
image_0003.jpg	llama, buddha, sunflower, joshua_tree, lotus
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, dolphin, stegosaurus
image_0005.jpg	Faces, llama, anchor, okapi, cougar_face
image_0006.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, soccer_ball, lotus
image_0007.jpg	llama, watch, car_side, umbrella, mayfly
image_0008.jpg	Faces, llama, water_lilly, scorpion, stegosaurus
image_0009.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, revolver, watch
image_0010.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, bonsai, airplanes, car_side
image_0011.jpg	Motorbikes, airplanes, llama, joshua_tree, Faces
image_0012.jpg	Faces, buddha, watch, llama, garfield
image_0013.jpg	Faces, bonsai, flamingo, schooner, lotus
image_0014.jpg	llama, dolphin, umbrella, helicopter, ferry
image_0015.jpg	llama, airplanes, bonsai, butterfly, platypus
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, buddha, lotus
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, anchor, platypus, schooner
image_0018.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, buddha, airplanes
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, watch, lotus
image_0020.jpg	llama, Faces, menorah, sunflower, rooster
image_0021.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, pyramid, octopus
image_0022.jpg	llama, airplanes, lotus, ewer, ant
image_0023.jpg	watch, llama, Faces, revolver, bonsai
image_0024.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, watch, lotus
image_0025.jpg	Faces, llama, sunflower, stegosaurus, brontosaurus
image_0026.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, pyramid, Leopards
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, rooster, chandelier
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, grand_piano, umbrella, sea_horse
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces, scorpion, water_lilly, lotus
image_0030.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, dolphin, llama, pyramid
image_0031.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, water_lilly, flamingo
image_0032.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, water_lilly
image_0033.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, revolver, umbrella
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, beaver, cup
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, dolphin, butterfly
image_0036.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, lotus, brontosaurus
image_0037.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, rooster, hedgehog
image_0038.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, sunflower
image_0039.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, menorah, rooster
image_0040.jpg	watch, llama, airplanes, sunflower, lotus
image_0041.jpg	llama, umbrella, dragonfly, lotus, chandelier
image_0042.jpg	llama, sunflower, umbrella, lobster, crab
image_0043.jpg	watch, airplanes, butterfly, lotus, lamp
image_0044.jpg	llama, revolver, dolphin, watch, Faces
image_0045.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, Faces
image_0046.jpg	Faces, llama, joshua_tree, beaver, sea_horse
image_0047.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, nautilus, sunflower
image_0048.jpg	llama, airplanes, ibis, dragonfly, lotus
image_0049.jpg	Faces, llama, water_lilly, watch, anchor
image_0050.jpg	llama, airplanes, dolphin, butterfly, stegosaurus
image_0051.jpg	Faces, llama, beaver, ewer, lamp
image_0052.jpg	llama, watch, scorpion, brain, lotus
image_0053.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, sunflower, ibis, bass
image_0054.jpg	buddha, llama, bonsai, sea_horse, mayfly
image_0055.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, Faces_easy, rooster
image_0056.jpg	Faces, llama, pagoda, lotus, cannon
image_0057.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, dolphin, anchor
image_0058.jpg	Faces, bonsai, llama, pagoda, lotus
image_0059.jpg	llama, Faces, butterfly, water_lilly, rooster
image_0060.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, scorpion, flamingo
image_0061.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, sunflower, Leopards
image_0062.jpg	llama, Faces, butterfly, lotus, wrench
image_0063.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, rooster, grand_piano
image_0064.jpg	Faces, llama, dalmatian, sunflower, garfield
image_0065.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, joshua_tree, gramophone
image_0066.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, dolphin, lotus
Accuracy of lotus: 18 / 66
