image_0001.jpg	llama, pyramid, butterfly, cup, beaver
image_0002.jpg	Faces, llama, dragonfly, beaver, ceiling_fan
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, dolphin, umbrella
image_0004.jpg	llama, scorpion, hawksbill, barrel, chandelier
image_0005.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, airplanes, menorah
image_0006.jpg	llama, watch, euphonium, gramophone, saxophone
image_0007.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, pizza, menorah, pyramid
image_0008.jpg	llama, watch, hawksbill, mayfly, pigeon
image_0009.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, Leopards, schooner
image_0010.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, cellphone, brain, Leopards
image_0011.jpg	llama, dragonfly, flamingo, helicopter, ibis
image_0012.jpg	revolver, llama, mayfly, ferry, dragonfly
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, dolphin, umbrella
image_0014.jpg	trilobite, llama, Faces, dolphin, rooster
image_0015.jpg	llama, pizza, butterfly, brain, ketch
image_0016.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, mayfly, ferry, elephant
image_0017.jpg	llama, umbrella, mayfly, elephant, schooner
image_0018.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, buddha, scorpion
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, ketch, dolphin
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, pyramid
image_0021.jpg	llama, watch, Motorbikes, ketch, pizza
image_0022.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, Faces, buddha
image_0023.jpg	llama, trilobite, butterfly, menorah, grand_piano
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, dolphin, Leopards
image_0025.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, cougar_body, beaver
image_0026.jpg	llama, airplanes, metronome, beaver, ibis
image_0027.jpg	llama, nautilus, ketch, car_side, buddha
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, Motorbikes, llama, Faces, buddha
image_0029.jpg	airplanes, llama, ferry, chair, gramophone
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, watch, brain
image_0031.jpg	llama, Faces, butterfly, scorpion, pagoda
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, buddha, watch
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, umbrella, dragonfly
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, brain, butterfly
image_0035.jpg	llama, trilobite, revolver, mayfly, umbrella
image_0036.jpg	llama, watch, dolphin, menorah, brain
image_0037.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, pizza, pyramid, llama
image_0038.jpg	llama, cellphone, ant, mayfly, ewer
image_0039.jpg	llama, dragonfly, beaver, ceiling_fan, minaret
image_0040.jpg	llama, butterfly, brain, pyramid, platypus
Accuracy of mayfly: 6 / 40
