image_0001.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch
image_0002.jpg	menorah, watch, llama, Faces, Faces_easy
image_0003.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0004.jpg	menorah, dollar_bill, airplanes, watch, llama
image_0005.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, soccer_ball
image_0006.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, airplanes, cellphone
image_0007.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, grand_piano
image_0008.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, pizza
image_0009.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, pizza
image_0010.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, dolphin, ferry
image_0011.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, watch, buddha
image_0012.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, soccer_ball
image_0013.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch
image_0014.jpg	menorah, llama, Faces, airplanes, watch
image_0015.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, watch, Faces
image_0016.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, airplanes, revolver
image_0017.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, stapler, brontosaurus
image_0018.jpg	menorah, revolver, llama, hawksbill, cup
image_0019.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, butterfly, cougar_face
image_0020.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, brain
image_0021.jpg	menorah, Faces, llama, watch, beaver
image_0022.jpg	menorah, llama, Faces, airplanes, anchor
image_0023.jpg	menorah, Faces, llama, wheelchair, revolver
image_0024.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, Faces, wheelchair
image_0025.jpg	menorah, llama, wheelchair, Faces, pagoda
image_0026.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, watch, ketch
image_0027.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, buddha, butterfly
image_0028.jpg	menorah, airplanes, Faces, llama, wheelchair
image_0029.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, Faces, metronome
image_0030.jpg	menorah, llama, hawksbill, wild_cat, chandelier
image_0031.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0032.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion
image_0033.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, trilobite, revolver
image_0034.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, watch, hedgehog
image_0035.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, joshua_tree, anchor
image_0036.jpg	menorah, watch, airplanes, llama, brain
image_0037.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, butterfly
image_0038.jpg	menorah, llama, pizza, scorpion, brain
image_0039.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, sunflower, butterfly
image_0040.jpg	menorah, Faces_easy, llama, ketch, laptop
image_0041.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0042.jpg	menorah, Faces, llama, airplanes, butterfly
image_0043.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, butterfly, brain
image_0044.jpg	menorah, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, Faces
image_0045.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, rooster
image_0046.jpg	menorah, tick, llama, watch, chair
image_0047.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, umbrella, gramophone
image_0048.jpg	menorah, llama, accordion, sea_horse, umbrella
image_0049.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, sunflower, windsor_chair
image_0050.jpg	menorah, watch, llama, airplanes, butterfly
image_0051.jpg	menorah, llama, wheelchair, airplanes, butterfly
image_0052.jpg	menorah, watch, llama, airplanes, garfield
image_0053.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, airplanes, garfield
image_0054.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, cellphone, binocular
image_0055.jpg	menorah, watch, llama, airplanes, scorpion
image_0056.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, tick, sunflower
image_0057.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, bonsai, Leopards
image_0058.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, laptop
image_0059.jpg	menorah, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, octopus
image_0060.jpg	menorah, llama, watch, airplanes, stegosaurus
image_0061.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, rooster, starfish
image_0062.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0063.jpg	menorah, airplanes, watch, llama, nautilus
image_0064.jpg	menorah, Motorbikes, llama, watch, airplanes
image_0065.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, watch, buddha
image_0066.jpg	menorah, butterfly, dolphin, llama, bonsai
image_0067.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, watch, octopus
image_0068.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, revolver, watch
image_0069.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, Faces, watch
image_0070.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, garfield
image_0071.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, umbrella, stapler
image_0072.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, butterfly, windsor_chair
image_0073.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, pizza, rooster
image_0074.jpg	menorah, cellphone, llama, watch, Motorbikes
image_0075.jpg	menorah, cellphone, airplanes, llama, butterfly
image_0076.jpg	menorah, Faces, llama, airplanes, anchor
image_0077.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, wheelchair, dolphin
image_0078.jpg	menorah, Faces, llama, wheelchair, Faces_easy
image_0079.jpg	menorah, Faces, airplanes, llama, accordion
image_0080.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, octopus, grand_piano
image_0081.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, ant, crayfish
image_0082.jpg	menorah, llama, Faces, airplanes, scorpion
image_0083.jpg	menorah, llama, revolver, butterfly, garfield
image_0084.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, revolver, accordion
image_0085.jpg	menorah, airplanes, llama, pizza, brain
image_0086.jpg	menorah, watch, llama, revolver, joshua_tree
image_0087.jpg	menorah, llama, airplanes, soccer_ball, pizza
Accuracy of menorah: 87 / 87
