image_0001.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, ketch, pyramid
image_0002.jpg	metronome, llama, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy
image_0003.jpg	metronome, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, crayfish
image_0004.jpg	metronome, llama, airplanes, Faces, camera
image_0005.jpg	metronome, llama, airplanes, dolphin, wrench
image_0006.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, watch, flamingo_head
image_0007.jpg	metronome, llama, dolphin, watch, menorah
image_0008.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, cellphone, accordion
image_0009.jpg	metronome, llama, bonsai, menorah, Leopards
image_0010.jpg	metronome, llama, watch, airplanes, anchor
image_0011.jpg	metronome, llama, wrench, ferry, schooner
image_0012.jpg	metronome, llama, watch, Faces, pyramid
image_0013.jpg	metronome, soccer_ball, llama, ketch, stapler
image_0014.jpg	metronome, Faces_easy, ketch, llama, snoopy
image_0015.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver
image_0016.jpg	metronome, Faces, llama, yin_yang, pyramid
image_0017.jpg	metronome, llama, Faces, dolphin, pyramid
image_0018.jpg	metronome, airplanes, soccer_ball, watch, llama
image_0019.jpg	metronome, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, watch
image_0020.jpg	metronome, airplanes, Faces, llama, Leopards
image_0021.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, Faces, stop_sign
image_0022.jpg	metronome, llama, airplanes, watch, brain
image_0023.jpg	metronome, llama, Motorbikes, menorah, euphonium
image_0024.jpg	metronome, Faces, airplanes, llama, ketch
image_0025.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, ewer, mandolin
image_0026.jpg	metronome, Faces, llama, revolver, dolphin
image_0027.jpg	metronome, airplanes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy
image_0028.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, stop_sign
image_0029.jpg	metronome, airplanes, Faces, cellphone, llama
image_0030.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, Faces
image_0031.jpg	metronome, airplanes, llama, ketch, wrench
image_0032.jpg	metronome, airplanes, watch, llama, ewer
Accuracy of metronome: 32 / 32
