image_0001.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, watch, llama, pizza
image_0002.jpg	nautilus, llama, watch, airplanes, snoopy
image_0003.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, garfield
image_0004.jpg	nautilus, llama, dolphin, tick, brain
image_0005.jpg	nautilus, llama, watch, soccer_ball, ketch
image_0006.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0007.jpg	nautilus, llama, cellphone, brain, schooner
image_0008.jpg	trilobite, cellphone, llama, nautilus, dolphin
image_0009.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, butterfly, scissors
image_0010.jpg	llama, airplanes, pagoda, umbrella, schooner
image_0011.jpg	nautilus, llama, Faces_easy, flamingo, ferry
image_0012.jpg	llama, Faces, dragonfly, beaver, crayfish
image_0013.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0014.jpg	nautilus, watch, llama, airplanes, revolver
image_0015.jpg	nautilus, watch, llama, cellphone, brain
image_0016.jpg	llama, nautilus, Faces_easy, hawksbill, dragonfly
image_0017.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, trilobite, llama, watch
image_0018.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0019.jpg	nautilus, trilobite, llama, wheelchair, menorah
image_0020.jpg	nautilus, trilobite, watch, llama, windsor_chair
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, llama, nautilus, dolphin, brain
image_0022.jpg	nautilus, llama, watch, buddha, dolphin
image_0023.jpg	nautilus, llama, buddha, umbrella, saxophone
image_0024.jpg	nautilus, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, brain
image_0025.jpg	nautilus, llama, airplanes, flamingo, umbrella
image_0026.jpg	llama, nautilus, cellphone, euphonium, umbrella
image_0027.jpg	nautilus, llama, airplanes, scorpion, dalmatian
image_0028.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, watch, windsor_chair
image_0029.jpg	nautilus, llama, wheelchair, buddha, airplanes
image_0030.jpg	nautilus, llama, trilobite, airplanes, octopus
image_0031.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0032.jpg	nautilus, llama, airplanes, menorah, buddha
image_0033.jpg	nautilus, watch, llama, airplanes, sunflower
image_0034.jpg	nautilus, llama, Faces_easy, dolphin, buddha
image_0035.jpg	nautilus, watch, llama, airplanes, sunflower
image_0036.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, watch, llama, sunflower
image_0037.jpg	scissors, llama, revolver, menorah, scorpion
image_0038.jpg	nautilus, Faces, llama, watch, menorah
image_0039.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, dolphin, beaver
image_0040.jpg	nautilus, llama, dolphin, octopus, starfish
image_0041.jpg	llama, ketch, scorpion, bonsai, dragonfly
image_0042.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, watch, buddha
image_0043.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, buddha, dolphin
image_0044.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, watch, llama, soccer_ball
image_0045.jpg	llama, butterfly, pizza, bonsai, windsor_chair
image_0046.jpg	airplanes, llama, nautilus, pizza, metronome
image_0047.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, platypus
image_0048.jpg	nautilus, llama, watch, airplanes, trilobite
image_0049.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, brain, pyramid
image_0050.jpg	llama, Faces, cup, beaver, headphone
image_0051.jpg	nautilus, llama, buddha, chair, helicopter
image_0052.jpg	nautilus, airplanes, llama, cellphone, menorah
image_0053.jpg	nautilus, llama, ferry, starfish, umbrella
image_0054.jpg	llama, trilobite, nautilus, butterfly, dolphin
image_0055.jpg	airplanes, nautilus, llama, wheelchair, butterfly
Accuracy of nautilus: 46 / 55
