image_0001.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, brain, menorah
image_0002.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch
image_0003.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, chair, mayfly
image_0004.jpg	octopus, llama, airplanes, chair, mayfly
image_0005.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, brain, sunflower
image_0006.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, sunflower, dolphin
image_0007.jpg	octopus, Faces, llama, watch, airplanes
image_0008.jpg	octopus, llama, Faces, dalmatian, umbrella
image_0009.jpg	octopus, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, scorpion
image_0010.jpg	octopus, Motorbikes, llama, pyramid, snoopy
image_0011.jpg	octopus, airplanes, Faces, llama, chair
image_0012.jpg	octopus, llama, pizza, bonsai, starfish
image_0013.jpg	octopus, llama, airplanes, Faces_easy, ketch
image_0014.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, watch, revolver
image_0015.jpg	octopus, llama, pizza, airplanes, menorah
image_0016.jpg	octopus, llama, revolver, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0017.jpg	octopus, tick, llama, revolver, crab
image_0018.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0019.jpg	octopus, llama, bonsai, butterfly, chandelier
image_0020.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, cellphone, butterfly
image_0021.jpg	octopus, Faces_easy, llama, electric_guitar, crayfish
image_0022.jpg	octopus, llama, watch, trilobite, euphonium
image_0023.jpg	octopus, scissors, llama, scorpion, dolphin
image_0024.jpg	octopus, Faces, stegosaurus, llama, airplanes
image_0025.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, brain, euphonium
image_0026.jpg	octopus, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0027.jpg	octopus, llama, watch, scorpion, brain
image_0028.jpg	octopus, llama, watch, trilobite, dolphin
image_0029.jpg	octopus, Motorbikes, butterfly, Faces_easy, llama
image_0030.jpg	octopus, llama, pagoda, grand_piano, umbrella
image_0031.jpg	octopus, Faces, llama, airplanes, anchor
image_0032.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, Faces, Faces_easy
image_0033.jpg	octopus, llama, watch, Faces, bonsai
image_0034.jpg	octopus, llama, watch, stop_sign, pizza
image_0035.jpg	octopus, airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid
Accuracy of octopus: 35 / 35
