image_0001.jpg	llama, buddha, dolphin, euphonium, garfield
image_0002.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, elephant, cup
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, revolver, llama, chandelier, okapi
image_0004.jpg	llama, bass, cup, sea_horse, ewer
image_0005.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, Faces, watch, ibis
image_0006.jpg	llama, Faces, ketch, cougar_face, panda
image_0007.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, airplanes, scorpion, umbrella
image_0008.jpg	Faces, llama, revolver, butterfly, rooster
image_0009.jpg	llama, pizza, scorpion, wheelchair, rooster
image_0010.jpg	llama, airplanes, brain, nautilus, garfield
image_0011.jpg	watch, Faces, llama, buddha, euphonium
image_0012.jpg	llama, cellphone, Faces, menorah, umbrella
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, butterfly
image_0014.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, watch, butterfly
image_0015.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, gramophone, bass, okapi
image_0016.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0017.jpg	Motorbikes, airplanes, Faces, llama, gramophone
image_0018.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, ketch, chair
image_0019.jpg	Motorbikes, wheelchair, anchor, umbrella, bass
image_0020.jpg	llama, buddha, umbrella, ewer, chair
image_0021.jpg	llama, pizza, butterfly, joshua_tree, umbrella
image_0022.jpg	wheelchair, llama, buddha, Leopards, metronome
image_0023.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, revolver, okapi
image_0024.jpg	Faces, llama, watch, scorpion, airplanes
image_0025.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, Faces, chandelier
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces, cellphone, butterfly, Leopards
image_0027.jpg	Faces, buddha, llama, elephant, bass
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, watch, okapi
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, hawksbill, chandelier, umbrella
image_0030.jpg	Faces, airplanes, Faces_easy, umbrella, gramophone
image_0031.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, buddha, umbrella
image_0032.jpg	llama, airplanes, rooster, okapi, crocodile_head
image_0033.jpg	Faces, llama, pizza, umbrella, helicopter
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, joshua_tree, pizza
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, ewer, cougar_face
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, ketch
image_0037.jpg	Faces_easy, butterfly, gramophone, beaver, okapi
image_0038.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha, okapi
image_0039.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ibis, crayfish
Accuracy of okapi: 7 / 39
