image_0001.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, water_lilly, chair
image_0002.jpg	Faces, llama, Faces_easy, ketch, mayfly
image_0003.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, chair, ewer, ibis
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, scorpion, llama, hawksbill, starfish
image_0005.jpg	Faces, watch, llama, pagoda, schooner
image_0006.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, watch, ketch, llama
image_0007.jpg	llama, airplanes, revolver, pizza, watch
image_0008.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, kangaroo, ceiling_fan, pigeon
image_0009.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, rooster, panda, gramophone
image_0010.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, octopus, gramophone
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, scorpion, bonsai
image_0012.jpg	llama, pyramid, binocular, schooner, elephant
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, llama, pyramid, watch, hedgehog
image_0014.jpg	Motorbikes, llama, airplanes, Faces, dolphin
image_0015.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, buddha, ewer, pigeon
image_0016.jpg	llama, watch, cellphone, Faces, pigeon
image_0017.jpg	Faces, llama, starfish, crayfish, crab
image_0018.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, elephant, chair
image_0019.jpg	llama, snoopy, crayfish, ant, beaver
image_0020.jpg	llama, dalmatian, barrel, starfish, pigeon
image_0021.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, watch, schooner
image_0022.jpg	llama, airplanes, dolphin, anchor, Faces_easy
image_0023.jpg	llama, dalmatian, dragonfly, crayfish, ant
image_0024.jpg	llama, umbrella, lamp, brontosaurus, flamingo_head
image_0025.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, chandelier, gramophone
image_0026.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, buddha, water_lilly, Faces
image_0027.jpg	llama, Faces, stegosaurus, butterfly, dragonfly
image_0028.jpg	llama, rooster, pigeon, sea_horse, ferry
image_0029.jpg	llama, Faces, hawksbill, hedgehog, mayfly
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, hedgehog, hawksbill, wild_cat
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, pyramid, schooner
image_0032.jpg	llama, euphonium, helicopter, pigeon, gramophone
image_0033.jpg	llama, menorah, chandelier, helicopter, lobster
image_0034.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, ant, pigeon
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, watch, scorpion, bonsai, llama
image_0036.jpg	watch, llama, airplanes, butterfly, sunflower
image_0037.jpg	Faces_easy, menorah, scorpion, Faces, metronome
image_0038.jpg	llama, Faces, Faces_easy, hawksbill, pigeon
image_0039.jpg	Faces, llama, ketch, pyramid, gramophone
image_0040.jpg	llama, cellphone, watch, pigeon, electric_guitar
image_0041.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, pyramid, grand_piano
image_0042.jpg	Faces, llama, cougar_face, pigeon, kangaroo
image_0043.jpg	airplanes, llama, dalmatian, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0044.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, menorah, starfish
image_0045.jpg	airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, wheelchair, butterfly
Accuracy of pigeon: 10 / 45
