image_0001.jpg	platypus, airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid
image_0002.jpg	platypus, airplanes, llama, okapi, barrel
image_0003.jpg	platypus, llama, watch, dolphin, pyramid
image_0004.jpg	platypus, llama, dolphin, car_side, mayfly
image_0005.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, pizza
image_0006.jpg	platypus, Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes
image_0007.jpg	platypus, llama, watch, Faces, airplanes
image_0008.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, sunflower
image_0009.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, bonsai, pyramid
image_0010.jpg	platypus, llama, airplanes, menorah, butterfly
image_0011.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, buddha, beaver
image_0012.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, soccer_ball, watch
image_0013.jpg	platypus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, menorah
image_0014.jpg	platypus, llama, tick, watch, buddha
image_0015.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, airplanes, watch
image_0016.jpg	platypus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, cougar_face
image_0017.jpg	platypus, Faces_easy, llama, bonsai, dolphin
image_0018.jpg	platypus, airplanes, llama, watch, Motorbikes
image_0019.jpg	platypus, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0020.jpg	platypus, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0021.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, ketch, stegosaurus
image_0022.jpg	platypus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, buddha
image_0023.jpg	platypus, Faces, airplanes, llama, revolver
image_0024.jpg	platypus, llama, pizza, watch, menorah
image_0025.jpg	platypus, Faces, airplanes, llama, beaver
image_0026.jpg	platypus, llama, pyramid, Faces, beaver
image_0027.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, wheelchair, stegosaurus
image_0028.jpg	platypus, llama, watch, Faces, ketch
image_0029.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, airplanes, pyramid
image_0030.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, buddha, sea_horse
image_0031.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, butterfly, pyramid
image_0032.jpg	platypus, llama, airplanes, brain, lotus
image_0033.jpg	platypus, Faces, llama, beaver, cougar_body
image_0034.jpg	platypus, airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver
Accuracy of platypus: 34 / 34
