image_0001.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, Faces, butterfly, minaret
image_0002.jpg	pyramid, llama, pizza, Motorbikes, ibis
image_0003.jpg	pyramid, llama, revolver, platypus, cup
image_0004.jpg	pyramid, llama, watch, menorah, brain
image_0005.jpg	pyramid, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, crayfish
image_0006.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, yin_yang, menorah
image_0007.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, stegosaurus, cup
image_0008.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, watch, metronome
image_0009.jpg	pyramid, llama, airplanes, watch, saxophone
image_0010.jpg	pyramid, llama, cougar_face, beaver, crab
image_0011.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, trilobite, saxophone
image_0012.jpg	pyramid, llama, airplanes, ferry, barrel
image_0013.jpg	pyramid, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, Faces_easy
image_0014.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, elephant, ferry
image_0015.jpg	pyramid, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, cup
image_0016.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, yin_yang, beaver
image_0017.jpg	pyramid, llama, soccer_ball, ketch, cup
image_0018.jpg	pyramid, llama, soccer_ball, butterfly, bonsai
image_0019.jpg	pyramid, llama, watch, Faces, dalmatian
image_0020.jpg	pyramid, llama, airplanes, watch, soccer_ball
image_0021.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, metronome, wrench
image_0022.jpg	pyramid, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, grand_piano
image_0023.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, scorpion, Faces
image_0024.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, trilobite, starfish
image_0025.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, wrench, dragonfly
image_0026.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, metronome, wrench
image_0027.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, bonsai, sunflower
image_0028.jpg	pyramid, llama, trilobite, platypus, lotus
image_0029.jpg	pyramid, llama, dolphin, rooster, hedgehog
image_0030.jpg	pyramid, llama, scorpion, menorah, hedgehog
image_0031.jpg	pyramid, Faces_easy, llama, barrel, wrench
image_0032.jpg	pyramid, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, ketch
image_0033.jpg	pyramid, Faces, ketch, llama, umbrella
image_0034.jpg	pyramid, llama, rooster, platypus, ferry
image_0035.jpg	pyramid, llama, ant, headphone, flamingo_head
image_0036.jpg	pyramid, llama, soccer_ball, Faces, anchor
image_0037.jpg	pyramid, llama, hawksbill, ferry, schooner
image_0038.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, watch, strawberry
image_0039.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, bonsai, menorah
image_0040.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces_easy, ketch, dragonfly
image_0041.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, Faces, butterfly
image_0042.jpg	pyramid, Faces, llama, airplanes, dolphin
image_0043.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, watch, llama, sunflower
image_0044.jpg	pyramid, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0045.jpg	pyramid, llama, cellphone, butterfly, anchor
image_0046.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, watch, llama, wheelchair
image_0047.jpg	pyramid, llama, wrench, electric_guitar, lotus
image_0048.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, watch, laptop
image_0049.jpg	pyramid, llama, Faces, airplanes, ketch
image_0050.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, brain, butterfly
image_0051.jpg	pyramid, llama, watch, airplanes, brontosaurus
image_0052.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, bonsai, lotus
image_0053.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, Faces, bonsai
image_0054.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, llama, watch, schooner
image_0055.jpg	pyramid, airplanes, Faces, watch, buddha
image_0056.jpg	pyramid, llama, dolphin, anchor, cup
image_0057.jpg	pyramid, llama, lotus, cup, cougar_body
Accuracy of pyramid: 57 / 57
