image_0001.jpg	revolver, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, ferry
image_0002.jpg	revolver, llama, soccer_ball, airplanes, menorah
image_0003.jpg	revolver, llama, watch, euphonium, dragonfly
image_0004.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, cup, beaver
image_0005.jpg	revolver, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, dolphin
image_0006.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, metronome, binocular
image_0007.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, airplanes, tick
image_0008.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0009.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, crayfish, beaver
image_0010.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, watch, Motorbikes
image_0011.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, platypus, crayfish
image_0012.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, brain, metronome
image_0013.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, ferry, umbrella
image_0014.jpg	revolver, llama, scorpion, grand_piano, bass
image_0015.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, stapler, dragonfly
image_0016.jpg	revolver, Faces, Motorbikes, llama, wheelchair
image_0017.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, ceiling_fan
image_0018.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama
image_0019.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, ferry
image_0020.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, ketch, ibis
image_0021.jpg	revolver, Faces_easy, airplanes, scorpion, llama
image_0022.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Faces, ibis
image_0023.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, ibis, ant
image_0024.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, pyramid, watch
image_0025.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, hawksbill
image_0026.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, Motorbikes
image_0027.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, schooner, cup
image_0028.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, soccer_ball, menorah
image_0029.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, airplanes, brontosaurus
image_0030.jpg	revolver, Faces, airplanes, llama, windsor_chair
image_0031.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, airplanes
image_0032.jpg	revolver, Motorbikes, airplanes, Faces, llama
image_0033.jpg	revolver, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, dolphin
image_0034.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, brain, menorah
image_0035.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, cellphone, ketch
image_0036.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, airplanes, ibis
image_0037.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama
image_0038.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, watch, barrel
image_0039.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, menorah
image_0040.jpg	revolver, Faces, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy
image_0041.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, watch
image_0042.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, gramophone, ibis
image_0043.jpg	revolver, Motorbikes, Faces, airplanes, llama
image_0044.jpg	revolver, llama, Motorbikes, pizza, ferry
image_0045.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, ketch, ceiling_fan
image_0046.jpg	revolver, llama, Motorbikes, stapler, crayfish
image_0047.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, Faces
image_0048.jpg	revolver, Motorbikes, airplanes, llama, Faces
image_0049.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, pizza, sunflower
image_0050.jpg	revolver, airplanes, watch, llama, anchor
image_0051.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, airplanes, menorah
image_0052.jpg	revolver, Faces, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama
image_0053.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, airplanes, schooner
image_0054.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, Faces
image_0055.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces_easy, ketch, menorah
image_0056.jpg	Motorbikes, revolver, Faces, llama, menorah
image_0057.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, Faces
image_0058.jpg	revolver, Faces, airplanes, llama, cup
image_0059.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, windsor_chair
image_0060.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, ibis, dragonfly
image_0061.jpg	revolver, cellphone, buddha, butterfly, menorah
image_0062.jpg	revolver, llama, Faces, watch, hawksbill
image_0063.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, watch, buddha
image_0064.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, grand_piano, metronome
image_0065.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces_easy, watch, llama
image_0066.jpg	revolver, llama, pizza, butterfly, buddha
image_0067.jpg	revolver, llama, airplanes, Faces, accordion
image_0068.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, llama
image_0069.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, ketch
image_0070.jpg	revolver, llama, menorah, brain, ibis
image_0071.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, dragonfly
image_0072.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, buddha, butterfly
image_0073.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, Faces, menorah
image_0074.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Motorbikes, llama, watch
image_0075.jpg	revolver, llama, buddha, butterfly, joshua_tree
image_0076.jpg	revolver, llama, dragonfly, stapler, wrench
image_0077.jpg	revolver, airplanes, Faces, llama, snoopy
image_0078.jpg	revolver, Faces, watch, llama, euphonium
image_0079.jpg	revolver, Faces, llama, ibis, okapi
image_0080.jpg	revolver, Faces, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0081.jpg	revolver, llama, watch, Motorbikes, Faces_easy
image_0082.jpg	revolver, airplanes, llama, beaver, cup
Accuracy of revolver: 82 / 82
