image_0001.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, buddha, butterfly
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, hedgehog, windsor_chair, saxophone
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, bonsai
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, trilobite, umbrella
image_0005.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion, ketch
image_0006.jpg	llama, dolphin, schooner, umbrella, gramophone
image_0007.jpg	llama, Faces, buddha, bonsai, stegosaurus
image_0008.jpg	llama, watch, dollar_bill, gramophone, saxophone
image_0009.jpg	llama, watch, menorah, brain, sunflower
image_0010.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, butterfly, helicopter, ewer
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, revolver, saxophone
image_0012.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, buddha, stegosaurus
image_0013.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, airplanes, hawksbill, menorah
image_0014.jpg	Faces, buddha, llama, flamingo, umbrella
image_0015.jpg	dollar_bill, llama, scorpion, menorah, octopus
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, car_side
image_0017.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, watch, ferry
image_0018.jpg	llama, watch, umbrella, mandolin, chandelier
image_0019.jpg	llama, butterfly, menorah, umbrella, helicopter
image_0020.jpg	watch, buddha, llama, umbrella, saxophone
image_0021.jpg	llama, airplanes, buddha, saxophone, ibis
image_0022.jpg	llama, Faces, euphonium, saxophone, bass
image_0023.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, euphonium, saxophone
image_0024.jpg	llama, revolver, metronome, saxophone, chandelier
image_0025.jpg	Faces_easy, wheelchair, llama, airplanes, gramophone
image_0026.jpg	llama, dragonfly, umbrella, schooner, ferry
image_0027.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, pyramid, saxophone
image_0028.jpg	llama, scorpion, octopus, saxophone, chair
image_0029.jpg	watch, Faces_easy, ketch, llama, umbrella
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, buddha, revolver
image_0031.jpg	llama, butterfly, Faces_easy, car_side, octopus
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, cellphone, grand_piano
image_0033.jpg	llama, pizza, dragonfly, ceiling_fan, saxophone
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, dolphin, garfield
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, Motorbikes, llama, anchor
image_0036.jpg	llama, menorah, hawksbill, gramophone, bass
image_0037.jpg	watch, llama, tick, brain, snoopy
image_0038.jpg	cellphone, buddha, llama, menorah, starfish
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, Faces, soccer_ball, llama, buddha
image_0040.jpg	pizza, llama, chandelier, umbrella, cup
Accuracy of saxophone: 11 / 40
