image_0001.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, pyramid
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, ketch, dolphin, ewer
image_0003.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, llama, ketch, umbrella
image_0004.jpg	llama, watch, pizza, brain, octopus
image_0005.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, scorpion, llama, dragonfly
image_0006.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, scorpion, menorah, revolver
image_0007.jpg	Faces, llama, ewer, helicopter, elephant
image_0008.jpg	llama, accordion, dolphin, ketch, schooner
image_0009.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, ketch, ant, ibis
image_0010.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, cellphone, schooner
image_0011.jpg	cellphone, llama, Faces, revolver, schooner
image_0012.jpg	airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy, ketch, llama
image_0013.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, pagoda, umbrella
image_0014.jpg	llama, buddha, Faces, ketch, schooner
image_0015.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, brain, mayfly
image_0016.jpg	watch, llama, umbrella, chair, mayfly
image_0017.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, ketch, ibis
image_0018.jpg	llama, scorpion, ketch, schooner, headphone
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, llama, ibis, laptop, ant
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, revolver, euphonium
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, watch, menorah, buddha, wrench
image_0022.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, cellphone, ketch, ewer
image_0023.jpg	llama, umbrella, ferry, ibis, rhino
image_0024.jpg	llama, watch, pizza, Motorbikes, helicopter
image_0025.jpg	airplanes, llama, ibis, umbrella, stapler
image_0026.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, dragonfly, ibis
image_0027.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, butterfly, buddha, brain
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, ketch
image_0029.jpg	airplanes, Faces, llama, revolver, watch
image_0030.jpg	llama, airplanes, revolver, dragonfly, schooner
image_0031.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, schooner, cup
image_0032.jpg	llama, ketch, helicopter, umbrella, schooner
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, ketch, dragonfly
image_0034.jpg	llama, Faces, watch, umbrella, chair
image_0035.jpg	llama, revolver, airplanes, pyramid, mayfly
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, cup, beaver, crayfish
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, llama, dolphin, ketch, umbrella
image_0038.jpg	Faces, cellphone, llama, bass, dragonfly
image_0039.jpg	airplanes, llama, sunflower, euphonium, ibis
image_0040.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, dragonfly, umbrella, headphone
image_0041.jpg	airplanes, llama, tick, watch, camera
image_0042.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, ketch
image_0043.jpg	watch, llama, Faces, butterfly, chair
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, buddha, dolphin
image_0045.jpg	Faces, llama, airplanes, metronome, dragonfly
image_0046.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, schooner, ewer
image_0047.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, buddha, dragonfly, umbrella
image_0048.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, yin_yang
image_0049.jpg	airplanes, llama, laptop, dragonfly, stapler
image_0050.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, dolphin, ketch
image_0051.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, ibis, barrel
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, cellphone, watch
image_0053.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, dolphin, wild_cat
image_0054.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, ketch
image_0055.jpg	llama, airplanes, octopus, headphone, umbrella
image_0056.jpg	airplanes, llama, revolver, ketch, schooner
image_0057.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, wheelchair, revolver, grand_piano
image_0058.jpg	airplanes, llama, laptop, brontosaurus, camera
image_0059.jpg	airplanes, llama, octopus, laptop, ant
image_0060.jpg	llama, hawksbill, schooner, rhino, starfish
image_0061.jpg	airplanes, llama, ketch, pagoda, laptop
image_0062.jpg	ketch, airplanes, llama, nautilus, laptop
image_0063.jpg	llama, euphonium, chair, schooner, crab
Accuracy of schooner: 12 / 63
