image_0001.jpg	scissors, llama, yin_yang, windsor_chair, headphone
image_0002.jpg	scissors, llama, watch, ketch, windsor_chair
image_0003.jpg	scissors, llama, wrench, flamingo, brontosaurus
image_0004.jpg	scissors, llama, octopus, crayfish, beaver
image_0005.jpg	scissors, llama, crayfish, snoopy, dragonfly
image_0006.jpg	llama, Faces, revolver, pyramid, dragonfly
image_0007.jpg	llama, cellphone, butterfly, scorpion, octopus
image_0008.jpg	scissors, llama, yin_yang, pyramid, beaver
image_0009.jpg	scissors, llama, ketch, soccer_ball, snoopy
image_0010.jpg	scissors, llama, octopus, ant, headphone
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, scissors, llama, starfish, cougar_face
image_0012.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0013.jpg	scissors, llama, nautilus, beaver, cup
image_0014.jpg	llama, yin_yang, Faces, revolver, cup
image_0015.jpg	airplanes, llama, scissors, stop_sign, revolver
image_0016.jpg	scissors, llama, revolver, umbrella, laptop
image_0017.jpg	scissors, llama, watch, menorah, dalmatian
image_0018.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, revolver, cellphone
image_0019.jpg	scissors, llama, watch, ketch, crayfish
image_0020.jpg	scissors, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0021.jpg	llama, airplanes, Faces, Motorbikes, pyramid
image_0022.jpg	llama, scissors, Faces_easy, watch, anchor
image_0023.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, Faces, revolver
image_0024.jpg	scissors, llama, airplanes, wrench, flamingo
image_0025.jpg	scissors, llama, revolver, Faces, dragonfly
image_0026.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, watch, headphone
image_0027.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, butterfly, headphone
image_0028.jpg	llama, watch, butterfly, ant, headphone
image_0029.jpg	scissors, llama, Faces, cup, dragonfly
image_0030.jpg	scissors, airplanes, watch, llama, brain
image_0031.jpg	scissors, llama, airplanes, pyramid, menorah
image_0032.jpg	scissors, llama, airplanes, tick, watch
image_0033.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, cup, beaver
image_0034.jpg	airplanes, scissors, llama, watch, metronome
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, scissors, llama, Faces, watch
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, scissors, llama, Faces, ceiling_fan
image_0037.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, sunflower, menorah
image_0038.jpg	scissors, llama, yin_yang, airplanes, watch
image_0039.jpg	scissors, airplanes, llama, watch, nautilus
Accuracy of scissors: 34 / 39
