image_0001.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, tick, brain
image_0002.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, cellphone, ketch
image_0003.jpg	scorpion, llama, brain, cellphone, watch
image_0004.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, rooster, chandelier
image_0005.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, schooner
image_0006.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, pizza, pigeon
image_0007.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, Faces_easy, garfield
image_0008.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, buddha, anchor
image_0009.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, chair
image_0010.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces_easy, car_side, butterfly
image_0011.jpg	scorpion, llama, bonsai, Faces_easy, brain
image_0012.jpg	scorpion, llama, airplanes, buddha, garfield
image_0013.jpg	scorpion, llama, dolphin, tick, ketch
image_0014.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, watch, llama, water_lilly
image_0015.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, bonsai, sunflower
image_0016.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, revolver, butterfly
image_0017.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes, llama
image_0018.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, menorah, rooster
image_0019.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, buddha, airplanes
image_0020.jpg	scorpion, Faces, airplanes, llama, butterfly
image_0021.jpg	scorpion, llama, laptop, dragonfly, electric_guitar
image_0022.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, bonsai, crocodile_head
image_0023.jpg	scorpion, Motorbikes, bonsai, stegosaurus, Faces_easy
image_0024.jpg	scorpion, bonsai, llama, stegosaurus, brain
image_0025.jpg	scorpion, Faces, butterfly, llama, hedgehog
image_0026.jpg	scorpion, Leopards, llama, Faces, airplanes
image_0027.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, lotus
image_0028.jpg	scorpion, llama, butterfly, anchor, crayfish
image_0029.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, watch, pyramid
image_0030.jpg	scorpion, llama, dolphin, chandelier, emu
image_0031.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, crayfish, cannon
image_0032.jpg	scorpion, llama, wheelchair, crab, gramophone
image_0033.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Faces
image_0034.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, hedgehog, platypus
image_0035.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, pizza
image_0036.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, tick, watch
image_0037.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, sunflower
image_0038.jpg	scorpion, llama, ketch, anchor, ant
image_0039.jpg	scorpion, Faces, airplanes, llama, cougar_face
image_0040.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, pizza, chair
image_0041.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, Faces, llama, buddha
image_0042.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, crab, crayfish
image_0043.jpg	scorpion, llama, airplanes, pizza, starfish
image_0044.jpg	scorpion, llama, revolver, butterfly, grand_piano
image_0045.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, sunflower
image_0046.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0047.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, Faces, llama, windsor_chair
image_0048.jpg	scorpion, llama, tick, windsor_chair, dragonfly
image_0049.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, llama, buddha, Faces
image_0050.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, tick, accordion
image_0051.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, bonsai, hedgehog
image_0052.jpg	scorpion, llama, airplanes, bonsai, butterfly
image_0053.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, wheelchair, buddha
image_0054.jpg	scorpion, watch, bonsai, llama, menorah
image_0055.jpg	scorpion, Faces, airplanes, llama, Motorbikes
image_0056.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, airplanes, buddha
image_0057.jpg	scorpion, llama, tick, ferry, panda
image_0058.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, Faces
image_0059.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, airplanes, anchor
image_0060.jpg	scorpion, llama, joshua_tree, barrel, cougar_face
image_0061.jpg	scorpion, llama, pizza, bonsai, starfish
image_0062.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, butterfly, hedgehog
image_0063.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, llama, rooster, windsor_chair
image_0064.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0065.jpg	scorpion, watch, menorah, llama, car_side
image_0066.jpg	scorpion, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, dolphin
image_0067.jpg	scorpion, llama, ketch, dragonfly, crayfish
image_0068.jpg	scorpion, llama, airplanes, Leopards, anchor
image_0069.jpg	scorpion, llama, ibis, kangaroo, dragonfly
image_0070.jpg	scorpion, llama, Faces, buddha, water_lilly
image_0071.jpg	scorpion, llama, buddha, grand_piano, windsor_chair
image_0072.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, revolver, llama, pyramid
image_0073.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces
image_0074.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, menorah, ketch
image_0075.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, watch, sunflower
image_0076.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, butterfly, pizza, llama
image_0077.jpg	scorpion, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, watch
image_0078.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, watch, llama, sunflower
image_0079.jpg	scorpion, llama, watch, euphonium, laptop
image_0080.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, llama, chair, dragonfly
image_0081.jpg	scorpion, airplanes, llama, pizza, watch
image_0082.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, hawksbill
image_0083.jpg	scorpion, Faces_easy, llama, tick, crab
image_0084.jpg	scorpion, llama, airplanes, menorah, euphonium
Accuracy of scorpion: 84 / 84
