image_0001.jpg	airplanes, llama, pyramid, pagoda, starfish
image_0002.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, chandelier, barrel
image_0003.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, bonsai, garfield
image_0004.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, bonsai, octopus, hedgehog
image_0005.jpg	yin_yang, llama, watch, airplanes, brain
image_0006.jpg	llama, bonsai, pyramid, scorpion, chandelier
image_0007.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, scorpion, menorah
image_0008.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, windsor_chair, starfish
image_0009.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, Faces, Faces_easy
image_0010.jpg	watch, llama, airplanes, pizza, butterfly
image_0011.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, bonsai, butterfly
image_0012.jpg	Faces_easy, airplanes, watch, llama, pyramid
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, llama, bonsai, menorah
image_0014.jpg	llama, airplanes, bonsai, starfish, barrel
image_0015.jpg	watch, bonsai, llama, gramophone, cup
image_0016.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, pyramid, menorah
image_0017.jpg	scorpion, hawksbill, car_side, Leopards, gramophone
image_0018.jpg	llama, airplanes, hawksbill, starfish, pigeon
image_0019.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, pyramid, grand_piano
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, llama, scorpion, starfish, wild_cat
image_0021.jpg	watch, llama, airplanes, rooster, crayfish
image_0022.jpg	llama, buddha, gramophone, sea_horse, emu
image_0023.jpg	llama, airplanes, watch, hedgehog, starfish
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, soccer_ball, menorah
image_0025.jpg	llama, cellphone, bonsai, starfish, gramophone
image_0026.jpg	llama, butterfly, brain, pagoda, starfish
image_0027.jpg	Faces, airplanes, watch, llama, bonsai
image_0028.jpg	llama, airplanes, hedgehog, starfish, emu
image_0029.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, dalmatian, ferry
image_0030.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, watch, yin_yang
image_0031.jpg	watch, llama, barrel, gramophone, bass
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, sunflower
image_0033.jpg	airplanes, llama, bonsai, menorah, starfish
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, starfish, beaver
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion, butterfly
image_0036.jpg	airplanes, llama, brain, garfield, starfish
image_0037.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, brain, yin_yang
image_0038.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, brain, nautilus
image_0039.jpg	llama, Motorbikes, Faces_easy, butterfly, rhino
image_0040.jpg	bonsai, llama, Faces_easy, car_side, octopus
image_0041.jpg	llama, watch, brain, butterfly, menorah
image_0042.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, bonsai, gramophone
image_0043.jpg	car_side, Faces_easy, llama, Leopards, hedgehog
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, platypus, pagoda
image_0045.jpg	airplanes, llama, buddha, Faces, watch
image_0046.jpg	watch, airplanes, llama, joshua_tree, umbrella
image_0047.jpg	llama, ketch, revolver, airplanes, ibis
image_0048.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, revolver, brain
image_0049.jpg	Faces, dolphin, llama, pyramid, yin_yang
image_0050.jpg	llama, pizza, gramophone, umbrella, sea_horse
image_0051.jpg	llama, hawksbill, starfish, gramophone, mandolin
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, garfield, starfish
image_0053.jpg	watch, llama, pizza, strawberry, starfish
image_0054.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, revolver, brain
image_0055.jpg	airplanes, llama, cellphone, ferry, mayfly
image_0056.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, hedgehog
image_0057.jpg	Faces, Faces_easy, llama, pagoda, chair
image_0058.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, bonsai, menorah
image_0059.jpg	Faces_easy, Faces, llama, bonsai, car_side
image_0060.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, soccer_ball
image_0061.jpg	airplanes, llama, menorah, hawksbill, windsor_chair
image_0062.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, pizza, menorah
image_0063.jpg	llama, brain, hedgehog, dolphin, cup
image_0064.jpg	airplanes, llama, pyramid, menorah, scissors
image_0065.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, menorah, sunflower
image_0066.jpg	llama, airplanes, butterfly, bonsai, flamingo
image_0067.jpg	pizza, scorpion, llama, bonsai, starfish
image_0068.jpg	llama, watch, airplanes, accordion, pyramid
image_0069.jpg	llama, airplanes, scorpion, starfish, sea_horse
image_0070.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, menorah, garfield
image_0071.jpg	Faces, airplanes, llama, dolphin, pyramid
image_0072.jpg	llama, pizza, watch, pyramid, airplanes
image_0073.jpg	llama, airplanes, laptop, dragonfly, wrench
image_0074.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, scorpion, chandelier
image_0075.jpg	llama, bonsai, sunflower, chandelier, barrel
image_0076.jpg	airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly, scorpion
image_0077.jpg	llama, menorah, gramophone, umbrella, bass
image_0078.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, wrench, lamp
image_0079.jpg	airplanes, cellphone, llama, Faces, buddha
image_0080.jpg	Faces, llama, butterfly, dalmatian, rooster
image_0081.jpg	llama, bonsai, joshua_tree, car_side, starfish
image_0082.jpg	llama, starfish, cougar_face, barrel, rhino
image_0083.jpg	Faces, llama, Motorbikes, pyramid, beaver
image_0084.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, rooster, starfish
image_0085.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, rooster, rhino
image_0086.jpg	airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly, scorpion
Accuracy of starfish: 20 / 86
