image_0001.jpg	stegosaurus, water_lilly, Faces, llama, garfield
image_0002.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces_easy, Faces, joshua_tree, scorpion
image_0003.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, grand_piano, pagoda
image_0004.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, scorpion, umbrella, chandelier
image_0005.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, sunflower, inline_skate
image_0006.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, pizza, Faces, dolphin
image_0007.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, grand_piano, umbrella, mayfly
image_0008.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, airplanes, revolver
image_0009.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, buddha, pizza, butterfly
image_0010.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, buddha, dalmatian, umbrella
image_0011.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, ketch, scorpion, lamp
image_0012.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, butterfly, pyramid
image_0013.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, buddha, bonsai
image_0014.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, sunflower, rooster
image_0015.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, brain, starfish
image_0016.jpg	stegosaurus, water_lilly, llama, Faces, butterfly
image_0017.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, pigeon
image_0018.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, airplanes, Faces, watch
image_0019.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, sunflower, anchor, car_side
image_0020.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Faces, watch, butterfly
image_0021.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, butterfly, inline_skate
image_0022.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, buddha, Motorbikes
image_0023.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, crayfish, binocular
image_0024.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Motorbikes, umbrella, emu
image_0025.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, Motorbikes, dolphin, llama
image_0026.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, airplanes, Leopards, panda
image_0027.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, brain
image_0028.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, watch, wild_cat
image_0029.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, Faces_easy
image_0030.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, revolver, butterfly
image_0031.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, cup
image_0032.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, airplanes
image_0033.jpg	stegosaurus, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces
image_0034.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Faces_easy, hedgehog, pagoda
image_0035.jpg	stegosaurus, Motorbikes, llama, umbrella, beaver
image_0036.jpg	stegosaurus, airplanes, Faces, llama, revolver
image_0037.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, pizza, buddha, bonsai
image_0038.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, pigeon, crayfish
image_0039.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, pagoda, binocular
image_0040.jpg	stegosaurus, Motorbikes, llama, bonsai, cup
image_0041.jpg	stegosaurus, wheelchair, pizza, llama, joshua_tree
image_0042.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, airplanes, buddha
image_0043.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, lobster, inline_skate
image_0044.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, car_side
image_0045.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Faces_easy, Faces, airplanes
image_0046.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, airplanes, llama, water_lilly
image_0047.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, ceiling_fan, pigeon
image_0048.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, joshua_tree, barrel, gramophone
image_0049.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, Faces, buddha, car_side
image_0050.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, ibis
image_0051.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, Faces_easy, airplanes
image_0052.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, buddha, revolver
image_0053.jpg	stegosaurus, airplanes, Faces, llama, pagoda
image_0054.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, bonsai, flamingo, barrel
image_0055.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, Motorbikes, pizza
image_0056.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, octopus, sunflower
image_0057.jpg	stegosaurus, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0058.jpg	stegosaurus, Faces, llama, dolphin, airplanes
image_0059.jpg	stegosaurus, llama, watch, butterfly, grand_piano
Accuracy of stegosaurus: 59 / 59
