image_0001.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, watch, brain
image_0002.jpg	strawberry, llama, buddha, ant, mayfly
image_0003.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, stegosaurus, dalmatian, mandolin
image_0004.jpg	airplanes, Faces_easy, soccer_ball, watch, llama
image_0005.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, watch, scorpion
image_0006.jpg	llama, strawberry, electric_guitar, mandolin, ibis
image_0007.jpg	strawberry, llama, airplanes, watch, umbrella
image_0008.jpg	strawberry, llama, Faces, dolphin, ant
image_0009.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, cellphone
image_0010.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, butterfly, brain
image_0011.jpg	strawberry, llama, airplanes, yin_yang, menorah
image_0012.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, butterfly, sunflower
image_0013.jpg	airplanes, strawberry, llama, watch, Faces_easy
image_0014.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, watch, revolver
image_0015.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, yin_yang, watch
image_0016.jpg	airplanes, strawberry, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0017.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, watch, llama, cellphone
image_0018.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, menorah, watch
image_0019.jpg	llama, joshua_tree, beaver, cup, crayfish
image_0020.jpg	airplanes, llama, sunflower, hawksbill, sea_horse
image_0021.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, watch, pagoda
image_0022.jpg	strawberry, llama, Faces_easy, dalmatian, sea_horse
image_0023.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, watch, llama, menorah
image_0024.jpg	strawberry, llama, watch, Motorbikes, nautilus
image_0025.jpg	strawberry, watch, airplanes, llama, tick
image_0026.jpg	strawberry, yin_yang, airplanes, watch, llama
image_0027.jpg	airplanes, llama, pizza, strawberry, buddha
image_0028.jpg	airplanes, strawberry, Faces, llama, scorpion
image_0029.jpg	strawberry, watch, airplanes, llama, platypus
image_0030.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, watch, airplanes, buddha
image_0031.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, cellphone, yin_yang
image_0032.jpg	airplanes, llama, Faces, beaver, mayfly
image_0033.jpg	strawberry, llama, sunflower, ant, panda
image_0034.jpg	strawberry, airplanes, llama, soccer_ball, watch
image_0035.jpg	airplanes, strawberry, llama, watch, brain
Accuracy of strawberry: 29 / 35
