image_0001.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0002.jpg	sunflower, Faces, airplanes, Motorbikes, llama
image_0003.jpg	sunflower, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, crab
image_0004.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, llama, Faces, car_side
image_0005.jpg	sunflower, llama, pizza, airplanes, scorpion
image_0006.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces_easy, airplanes, pizza
image_0007.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, Faces, llama, panda
image_0008.jpg	sunflower, Faces, Motorbikes, bonsai, hedgehog
image_0009.jpg	sunflower, llama, watch, dolphin, Faces_easy
image_0010.jpg	sunflower, llama, ketch, butterfly, dolphin
image_0011.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, dolphin, stegosaurus
image_0012.jpg	sunflower, llama, watch, pyramid, Leopards
image_0013.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, llama, butterfly, ceiling_fan
image_0014.jpg	sunflower, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, stegosaurus
image_0015.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, water_lilly
image_0016.jpg	sunflower, llama, airplanes, scorpion, brain
image_0017.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, sea_horse, okapi
image_0018.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, watch, llama, Faces
image_0019.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, bonsai, hedgehog
image_0020.jpg	sunflower, water_lilly, Faces, llama, rooster
image_0021.jpg	sunflower, llama, stegosaurus, water_lilly, sea_horse
image_0022.jpg	sunflower, water_lilly, llama, dragonfly, cup
image_0023.jpg	sunflower, llama, crocodile_head, sea_horse, ceiling_fan
image_0024.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, llama, Faces, platypus
image_0025.jpg	sunflower, llama, bonsai, sea_horse, bass
image_0026.jpg	sunflower, llama, butterfly, rooster, bonsai
image_0027.jpg	sunflower, pizza, bonsai, llama, pagoda
image_0028.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, bonsai, grand_piano
image_0029.jpg	sunflower, llama, pizza, bonsai, watch
image_0030.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, pigeon, gerenuk
image_0031.jpg	sunflower, llama, ketch, brain, menorah
image_0032.jpg	sunflower, llama, anchor, butterfly, stegosaurus
image_0033.jpg	sunflower, Faces, wheelchair, bonsai, llama
image_0034.jpg	sunflower, Faces, airplanes, watch, llama
image_0035.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, car_side, menorah
image_0036.jpg	sunflower, llama, water_lilly, bonsai, beaver
image_0037.jpg	sunflower, llama, water_lilly, chair, umbrella
image_0038.jpg	sunflower, dolphin, llama, bonsai, umbrella
image_0039.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, watch, llama, crocodile_head
image_0040.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, ketch
image_0041.jpg	sunflower, llama, brain, buddha, ant
image_0042.jpg	sunflower, Faces, Faces_easy, llama, stegosaurus
image_0043.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, Faces, llama, Faces_easy
image_0044.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, panda, mayfly
image_0045.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, bonsai, platypus
image_0046.jpg	sunflower, llama, water_lilly, bonsai, stegosaurus
image_0047.jpg	sunflower, llama, hedgehog, chair, beaver
image_0048.jpg	sunflower, llama, airplanes, butterfly, watch
image_0049.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, butterfly, hedgehog
image_0050.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, crayfish
image_0051.jpg	sunflower, llama, watch, joshua_tree, pigeon
image_0052.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, llama, ketch, beaver
image_0053.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, water_lilly, ketch
image_0054.jpg	sunflower, llama, joshua_tree, beaver, ibis
image_0055.jpg	sunflower, llama, Motorbikes, Faces, stegosaurus
image_0056.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, llama, watch, soccer_ball
image_0057.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, joshua_tree, beaver
image_0058.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, watch, cup
image_0059.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, llama, Faces, butterfly
image_0060.jpg	sunflower, llama, dolphin, water_lilly, pigeon
image_0061.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, bonsai, rooster
image_0062.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, cellphone, llama, brain
image_0063.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, inline_skate
image_0064.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, bonsai, llama, joshua_tree
image_0065.jpg	sunflower, llama, buddha, pizza, airplanes
image_0066.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, Faces, llama, wheelchair
image_0067.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, pizza, llama, bonsai
image_0068.jpg	sunflower, Faces, water_lilly, llama, stegosaurus
image_0069.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, pizza
image_0070.jpg	sunflower, airplanes, llama, buddha, bonsai
image_0071.jpg	sunflower, llama, airplanes, bonsai, pyramid
image_0072.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, stegosaurus, joshua_tree
image_0073.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, ceiling_fan, beaver
image_0074.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, beaver, gramophone
image_0075.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, pagoda, umbrella
image_0076.jpg	sunflower, llama, water_lilly, Faces, anchor
image_0077.jpg	sunflower, Faces_easy, water_lilly, llama, brain
image_0078.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus
image_0079.jpg	sunflower, Faces, car_side, chandelier, ferry
image_0080.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, ketch, rooster
image_0081.jpg	sunflower, Faces, llama, ketch, water_lilly
image_0082.jpg	sunflower, llama, Faces, chair, cup
image_0083.jpg	sunflower, strawberry, airplanes, llama, water_lilly
image_0084.jpg	sunflower, pizza, llama, gramophone, panda
image_0085.jpg	sunflower, llama, pizza, Faces, Motorbikes
Accuracy of sunflower: 85 / 85
