image_0001.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0002.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, umbrella, ferry
image_0003.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, accordion, gramophone
image_0004.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, helicopter, chandelier
image_0005.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0006.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch, hedgehog
image_0007.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, bonsai, pyramid
image_0008.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, stegosaurus, pyramid
image_0009.jpg	trilobite, llama, rooster, windsor_chair, starfish
image_0010.jpg	trilobite, llama, nautilus, brain, cup
image_0011.jpg	trilobite, Faces, airplanes, llama, bonsai
image_0012.jpg	trilobite, llama, euphonium, bass, chandelier
image_0013.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch, euphonium
image_0014.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0015.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch, ferry
image_0016.jpg	watch, llama, anchor, platypus, umbrella
image_0017.jpg	trilobite, Faces, llama, saxophone, gramophone
image_0018.jpg	trilobite, llama, brain, mayfly, ferry
image_0019.jpg	trilobite, llama, barrel, gramophone, kangaroo
image_0020.jpg	trilobite, llama, Faces, lobster, gramophone
image_0021.jpg	trilobite, llama, nautilus, dolphin, pagoda
image_0022.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch, Faces_easy
image_0023.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, watch, cellphone
image_0024.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, buddha, gramophone
image_0025.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, dolphin, ibis
image_0026.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, watch, llama, nautilus
image_0027.jpg	trilobite, llama, accordion, butterfly, dalmatian
image_0028.jpg	llama, butterfly, Leopards, pigeon, beaver
image_0029.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, buddha
image_0030.jpg	trilobite, llama, ketch, anchor, pagoda
image_0031.jpg	trilobite, llama, cellphone, pyramid, umbrella
image_0032.jpg	trilobite, Faces, llama, bonsai, nautilus
image_0033.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, buddha, Leopards
image_0034.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, butterfly, nautilus
image_0035.jpg	trilobite, llama, menorah, crocodile_head, cup
image_0036.jpg	trilobite, llama, bass, gramophone, crocodile
image_0037.jpg	trilobite, llama, pizza, brain, hedgehog
image_0038.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, dalmatian, bass
image_0039.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, pizza, Faces_easy, llama
image_0040.jpg	trilobite, llama, grand_piano, rooster, helicopter
image_0041.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, dolphin, octopus
image_0042.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, nautilus, mayfly
image_0043.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, rooster, gramophone
image_0044.jpg	airplanes, trilobite, llama, buddha, lobster
image_0045.jpg	trilobite, llama, schooner, flamingo, mayfly
image_0046.jpg	trilobite, llama, dolphin, umbrella, bass
image_0047.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, dolphin, ibis
image_0048.jpg	trilobite, llama, rooster, gramophone, crocodile_head
image_0049.jpg	trilobite, llama, joshua_tree, cougar_face, crayfish
image_0050.jpg	trilobite, Faces, llama, revolver, buddha
image_0051.jpg	trilobite, nautilus, llama, airplanes, watch
image_0052.jpg	airplanes, trilobite, llama, watch, flamingo_head
image_0053.jpg	trilobite, llama, Faces, pyramid, Leopards
image_0054.jpg	trilobite, llama, brain, buddha, starfish
image_0055.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch, strawberry
image_0056.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, menorah, dolphin
image_0057.jpg	trilobite, watch, llama, Faces, Leopards
image_0058.jpg	trilobite, llama, dolphin, platypus, ferry
image_0059.jpg	trilobite, llama, bonsai, pagoda, buddha
image_0060.jpg	trilobite, watch, llama, airplanes, butterfly
image_0061.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, pyramid, ferry
image_0062.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, menorah, dalmatian
image_0063.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, cellphone, butterfly
image_0064.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, cellphone, butterfly
image_0065.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, watch, llama, sunflower
image_0066.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, menorah, strawberry
image_0067.jpg	trilobite, llama, ketch, octopus, laptop
image_0068.jpg	trilobite, cellphone, llama, menorah, brain
image_0069.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, cellphone, llama, butterfly
image_0070.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, rooster, Leopards
image_0071.jpg	trilobite, cellphone, llama, wheelchair, octopus
image_0072.jpg	trilobite, llama, crocodile_head, saxophone, cannon
image_0073.jpg	trilobite, nautilus, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy
image_0074.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, watch, llama, pizza
image_0075.jpg	llama, Faces, bonsai, elephant, bass
image_0076.jpg	trilobite, llama, euphonium, bass, panda
image_0077.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, lobster, crocodile_head
image_0078.jpg	airplanes, llama, butterfly, octopus, cup
image_0079.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, watch, menorah
image_0080.jpg	trilobite, llama, buddha, octopus, starfish
image_0081.jpg	trilobite, llama, pizza, hedgehog, laptop
image_0082.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, scorpion
image_0083.jpg	trilobite, watch, llama, buddha, butterfly
image_0084.jpg	trilobite, airplanes, llama, brain, scorpion
image_0085.jpg	trilobite, llama, watch, buddha, pyramid
image_0086.jpg	trilobite, llama, airplanes, umbrella, mandolin
Accuracy of trilobite: 82 / 86
