image_0001.jpg	airplanes, wheelchair, llama, watch, scorpion
image_0002.jpg	Faces, wheelchair, llama, Faces_easy, bonsai
image_0003.jpg	wheelchair, trilobite, llama, tick, watch
image_0004.jpg	wheelchair, llama, butterfly, airplanes, joshua_tree
image_0005.jpg	wheelchair, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, Faces
image_0006.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, umbrella, crab
image_0007.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, revolver, gramophone
image_0008.jpg	cellphone, wheelchair, llama, anchor, pyramid
image_0009.jpg	wheelchair, llama, cellphone, Motorbikes, anchor
image_0010.jpg	llama, Faces_easy, Faces, wheelchair, bonsai
image_0011.jpg	Faces_easy, llama, Faces, watch, airplanes
image_0012.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, garfield, cannon
image_0013.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, water_lilly, revolver
image_0014.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, Faces_easy, buddha
image_0015.jpg	wheelchair, llama, Faces, car_side, anchor
image_0016.jpg	wheelchair, buddha, llama, stegosaurus, umbrella
image_0017.jpg	wheelchair, llama, airplanes, schooner, ant
image_0018.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, Faces, Motorbikes
image_0019.jpg	wheelchair, llama, hawksbill, gramophone, chandelier
image_0020.jpg	llama, wheelchair, euphonium, gramophone, umbrella
image_0021.jpg	airplanes, llama, Motorbikes, cellphone, ketch
image_0022.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, buddha, llama, chair
image_0023.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, buddha, bonsai
image_0024.jpg	airplanes, llama, wheelchair, crab, stapler
image_0025.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, brain, butterfly
image_0026.jpg	wheelchair, Faces_easy, airplanes, llama, watch
image_0027.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, Faces, llama, scorpion
image_0028.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, watch, cannon
image_0029.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, llama, panda, gramophone
image_0030.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, Faces_easy, llama, buddha
image_0031.jpg	Faces, llama, dolphin, wheelchair, ant
image_0032.jpg	wheelchair, llama, buddha, gramophone, umbrella
image_0033.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, Faces, Motorbikes, llama
image_0034.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, watch, Motorbikes
image_0035.jpg	wheelchair, llama, airplanes, Motorbikes, helicopter
image_0036.jpg	wheelchair, Faces_easy, Faces, llama, stegosaurus
image_0037.jpg	wheelchair, llama, airplanes, accordion, butterfly
image_0038.jpg	wheelchair, llama, airplanes, windsor_chair, octopus
image_0039.jpg	wheelchair, Faces_easy, llama, watch, car_side
image_0040.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, llama, buddha, nautilus
image_0041.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, bonsai, umbrella
image_0042.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, llama, airplanes, emu
image_0043.jpg	Faces, llama, stegosaurus, octopus, umbrella
image_0044.jpg	Faces, llama, buddha, stegosaurus, wheelchair
image_0045.jpg	airplanes, wheelchair, llama, buddha, kangaroo
image_0046.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, dolphin, rooster
image_0047.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, bonsai, llama, anchor
image_0048.jpg	wheelchair, Faces, llama, chair, gramophone
image_0049.jpg	Faces, llama, wheelchair, Motorbikes, pagoda
image_0050.jpg	Faces, watch, airplanes, kangaroo, ibis
image_0051.jpg	wheelchair, llama, airplanes, watch, inline_skate
image_0052.jpg	wheelchair, llama, dolphin, brain, rooster
image_0053.jpg	wheelchair, llama, chandelier, umbrella, bass
image_0054.jpg	Motorbikes, Faces, wheelchair, llama, airplanes
image_0055.jpg	airplanes, wheelchair, dollar_bill, llama, Faces
image_0056.jpg	wheelchair, llama, buddha, Motorbikes, umbrella
image_0057.jpg	wheelchair, llama, watch, Faces, grand_piano
image_0058.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, watch, llama, pizza
image_0059.jpg	wheelchair, airplanes, llama, joshua_tree, menorah
Accuracy of wheelchair: 55 / 59
