image_0001.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, stop_sign, laptop, chair
image_0002.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0003.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces_easy, llama, airplanes, watch
image_0004.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, bonsai, bass, panda
image_0005.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, ibis, ant, helicopter
image_0006.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, airplanes, soccer_ball, anchor
image_0007.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, airplanes, menorah, garfield
image_0008.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, watch, Faces_easy, pyramid
image_0009.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, butterfly, hedgehog
image_0010.jpg	windsor_chair, watch, llama, anchor, menorah
image_0011.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, grand_piano, laptop, ibis
image_0012.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, airplanes, Faces, Faces_easy
image_0013.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces, cellphone, llama, airplanes
image_0014.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, Faces_easy, kangaroo
image_0015.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, pizza
image_0016.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, butterfly, stapler
image_0017.jpg	windsor_chair, nautilus, watch, llama, hawksbill
image_0018.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0019.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, brain, euphonium, saxophone
image_0020.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, watch, Faces_easy, butterfly
image_0021.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, cellphone
image_0022.jpg	windsor_chair, watch, llama, menorah, bonsai
image_0023.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, airplanes, butterfly, okapi
image_0024.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces_easy, llama, scorpion, crab
image_0025.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, ant, bass, flamingo
image_0026.jpg	windsor_chair, watch, llama, airplanes, menorah
image_0027.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, sunflower
image_0028.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, Faces, anchor, garfield
image_0029.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, laptop, okapi, pigeon
image_0030.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, euphonium, stapler, helicopter
image_0031.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0032.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, watch, llama, soccer_ball
image_0033.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, menorah
image_0034.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, sunflower, butterfly
image_0035.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, dolphin, watch, Faces_easy
image_0036.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, Faces, menorah, bonsai
image_0037.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, ketch, chair
image_0038.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, butterfly, menorah
image_0039.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, watch, llama, butterfly
image_0040.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, watch, butterfly
image_0041.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces_easy, llama, chair, helicopter
image_0042.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, watch, menorah, saxophone
image_0043.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, Faces, airplanes, ketch
image_0044.jpg	windsor_chair, airplanes, llama, brain, watch
image_0045.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, garfield, chair, laptop
image_0046.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, scorpion, airplanes, menorah
image_0047.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, watch, ant, headphone
image_0048.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces, tick, octopus, chair
image_0049.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, tick, watch, stop_sign
image_0050.jpg	windsor_chair, Faces, watch, llama, airplanes
image_0051.jpg	windsor_chair, brain, dragonfly, ibis, okapi
image_0052.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, airplanes, watch, ant
image_0053.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, watch, airplanes, butterfly
image_0054.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, menorah, saxophone, gramophone
image_0055.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, pyramid, ibis, headphone
image_0056.jpg	windsor_chair, llama, ibis, headphone, kangaroo
Accuracy of windsor_chair: 56 / 56
